Mad respect for Weld. Hopefully he will fully commit to defeating Trump. Gary Johnson is probably too stoned to even care at this point.

I had hoped that Hillary might start the debate by handing Trump a box of Orange Tic Tacs so that he would know from the outset that he’s not fooling anyone. I didn’t get my wish, but NYT Readers can make it come true.
Please mail 1 box of Orange Tic Tacs to:
Donald J. Trump
Trump Towers 
725 5th Ave, 
New York, NY 10022

Donald Trump was the only presidential candidate wearing a flag pin on his suit. Killary Clinton did not, she is an outsider, she is terrorist!

And I think we should give trump a chance in the White House he will do well Hilary has been in government for 30 years and has failed America trump has never been in the government give him a chance let's see what he can do we know what Hilary does we have nothing left to lose at this point

Trump fit to be President?
King David murdered Bathsheba's husband---
but God made him ruler over Israel.
And of his kingdom there will be no end.
He will be in Heaven- will you?
YOU murdered the ****only*** person worthy of holding public
office 2000 years ago.
It's either accept the pardon--
or serve out your sentence.
The question probably is--
who does God think YOU deserve?

How about covering the water protectors being terrorized by unscrupulous thugs bought and paid by corporate politicians and their clowns in blue costumes claiming to be police.?!

I suggest any man to listen in on a conversation of a group of women discussing men in general. Guarantee his feeling will be hurt. A moderator misinterpreted something trump said after the debate. All bent out of shape by what Trump had said about some woman. I was not impressed. I called him a poor excuse of a man. ....Well, that's "locker room" talk, for women. "I want to get into her pants" is what men say. Who cares!

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

Sexual predators (including the subset we know as pedophiles)NEVER VOLUNTARILY REFORM. They merely learn how to seem contrite and to be more clandestine in satisfying their appetites.

I checked the ballot. THERE ARE NO SAINTS RUNNING! Imagine that! Trump had a potty mouth 11 years ago. Never mind that per General Colin Powell, "Bill's still banging bimbo's at home.." and Hillary destroys them if they speak out. Check Paula Jones's tweet today if you are in doubt.

Trump's going to win this election. Know why? It is not a contest for Sainthood. It is to select the leader that will bring JOBS, ECONOMIC GROWTH, and NATIONAL SECURITY back to America.

Martha Raddatz has more b*lls than Matt Lauer and Lester Holt combined! She's the only one who stood up to Trump. And Carly Simon says it all about Donald "You're So Vain" Trump. Feel Free to share across all social media platforms: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKaiedK9SFc

You don't have to choose between Bill's principal enabler and Trump. Vote Gary Johnson. 

BTW before you mention Aleppo read below. 
Hillary,"we were under sniper fire"

Hillary,"we left the Whitehouse dead broke"

Hillary,"I was instrumental in the Irish peace process"

Hillary,"A hateful video caused Benghazi"

Hillary replied “I don’t know” a whopping 327 TIMES during her e-mail investigation. After SMASHING 13 iPads and iPhones!

Hillary," We all knew he was guilty as hell *laughs*" -when talking about a child molester she defended and won for 

Hillary, “floozy,” “bimbo” and “stalker,”effort to cast doubt on the Bill's accusers. 

Wolff: “And Brexit? Your position?” Trump: “Huh?” 
Wolff: “Brexit.” 
Trump: “Hmm.” 
Wolff: “The Brits leaving the EU.” 

Trump,"I remember watching the firefighters on 7/11"

Trump,"I will defend article 11 of the constitution!"

Trump,"I don't know why there are 13 stripes on the flag"

Trump thought Quds=Kurds

Trump,"I don't think my daughter Ivanka would pose for playboy, although she does have a very nice figure, I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter perhaps I'd be dating her"

Trump about a married woman:"Yeah, that’s her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." 
"Grab ’em by the p***y. You can do anything."

Who cares what Bill Weld has to say, he should give Johnson some geography lessons, like where Aleppo is.

Whenever William Weld claims to be a Libertarian, he is losing.

I wish Weld would run as a Republican next presidential election. He looks like someone who could save the GOP from complete ruin.

Democrats raised issues of racism and gender to defend failed policies of Hilary & Obama!

Libertarian vice presidential candidate Bill Weld said on 9/30/16 "I’m not sure anybody is more qualified than Hillary Clinton to be president of the United States.”

As usual,Donald Trump represents to the utmost of his stupidity through the eyes of the public and makes the king fool out of himself.

Trump can't help who he IS. At 70 years old, he's not likely to change.

Does he smoke dope- like Johnson? He looks like it. And isn't more dope their No. 1 issue?

The Hilderbeast looked weak, where is the Victim in Chief. GO ORANGE FACE

We don't need another stoned President . . . Obama has done enough damage.

We've moved past that now. Best try and keep up with the final take-down of the inmate to be.

Hillary destroyed the lives of women sexually abused by her husband so she could ride his coat-tails to money & power, it worked. But you know she's a horrible person.

He is winning.. Even the ones who could not decide picked him...

She will push to destroy the supreme court, increase the propaganda war against Russia to the point we go to WWIII On the wrong side of the battle. Increase immigration by a million Muslims in order to fulfill the Soros directive in order to cause insurrection and economic collapse. Response from citizens to fatwas called by the mosques to go to war will lead to fighting Islam door to door as Germans are coming close to doing. This will lead to implementation of the executive orders Obama has put in place for a federalized police state under United Nations control which is where Obama will probably go next. She will pass TPP which unites with the European trade agreements and agenda 21 and crisis response will lead to single payer under government control finishing up controlling all aspects of our lives. Civil war will lead to death beyond imagination, the Muslim Brotherhood controlled DHS has billions of rounds of ammunition. Patriots are already all over the Homeland security threat list. Most life needs resources will be controlled and used for control. The resistance will be overcome despotism will be the rule and despotism leads blind sheep to accept any shepherd.

You are rather chouvinistic; why you atack Hillary? She is not Bill. In addition Trump is big liar. For you the big problem is that the candidate is a woman. So bad!!

Thank you, Mr. Weld. Civility still exists.

His campaign is helping Trump win. Funny, huh?

Whenever he is talking, sleeping, or snorting, he is losing!

Donald Trump. The last honest man in America. Who knew.

Whenever Bill Weld is responding, no one cares.

Yah

Interviewed him once or twice. Tremendous scumbag.

Weld is out of touch

Dump the Trash Trump

Donald Trump is a rapist !!!

No one cares what HE THINKS😂😂😂

Clinton = House of Cards !!!

Agreed

WHO?

Pierre Harfouche I can agree with him on this one

Bill Weld is no libertarian.

Gary Johnson / Bill Weld 2016!

Vote for the best candidate with the best platform:  Jill Stein!  Don't be pushed by corporate media into voting for an intolerable candidate.  Jill2016.com

"Libertarian." Clinton shill

Daniel Helms 🤔

Ryan Lorbecki

We are not electing a saint. We are electing someone with the guts to take back this country. Over the last 30 years it has been overrun by globalist working with the world Bankers to destroy sovereign nations and borders. Hundreds of thousands have died. We are now on the Brink of World War 3 because of a propaganda war against Russia and Assad. Ukraine did not want to sign onto the European trade agreements, the result was a coup in which the globalist Obama led. There is only one chance to take back this country. You have been lied to on a massive scale. Man's worse enemy is his ego that will always be used against him. The media run by only 6 major groups is fully involved. They have lost all credibility removing the facade in their attempt to take down Trump who will expose the lies of regime changes around the world and the collusion with the Clinton Foundation regime change machine that is a giant octopus with tentacles through out the government Banking Industry, foreign hostile governments and media...yes conspiracy is real wake up! If you do not you will wake up without a Constitution. 

The media and Hillary dropped the Billy Bush video on Trump which they had prepared, in order to take the focus off the Wikileaks email release on Goldman Sachs speeches speeches that prove Hillary will pass TPP and so so much more.

I am not voting for Trump because he says stupid stuff or I have a false since of his life,  I am voting for Trump to save our Constitution.

"  Hillary Clinton Said Her Dream Is A Hemispheric Common Market, With Open Trade And Open Markets. *“My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” [05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau.doc, p. 28] *Hillary Clinton Said We Have To Have A Concerted Plan To Increase Trade; We Have To Resist Protectionism And Other Kinds Of Barriers To Trade. *“Secondly, I think we have to have a concerted plan to increase trade already under the current circumstances, you know, that Inter-American Development Bank figure is pretty surprising. There is so much more we can do, there is a lot of low hanging fruit but businesses on both sides have to make it a priority and it's not for governments to do but governments can either make it easy or make it hard and we have to resist, protectionism, other kinds of barriers to market access and to trade and I would like to see this get much more attention and be not just a policy for a year under president X or president Y but a consistent one.” [05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau.doc, p. 32]"

FOLLOW THE MONEY: THE TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP PAYOFF
“Hillary Clinton Only Believes In Protecting One Thing: Her Donors. Of The 262 Companies That Lobbied For The Passage Of TPP, 82 Or Nearly 1 In 3 Donated Between $21 And $67 Million To The Clinton Foundation. Nine Companies That Lobbied For The Passage Of TPP Paid Hillary Clinton $2.7 Million For Paid Speeches. Of The 12 Signatory Countries That Are Parties To TPP, 3 Gave Between $6 And $15 Million To The Clinton Foundation. At Least 4 Lobbyists Who Are Actively Lobbying For TPP Passage Have Raised More Than $800,000 For Her

Who?  Yeah, nobody...I thought so.

Michael Cohan

Vote Libertarian ✌