I could see him as President too, which is exactly why I'm working my butt off to make sure Hillary gets elected.

What an incredibly low bar your sister has for the leader of the free world.

Alright! After watching the "lewd video" of our Republican candidate, Donald Trump, I've decided to pull my endorsement for him. It was the last straw. I'm getting a lot of hate-messages on Facebook from my friends. I guess, I need new friends.

The saddest part was when Mr. Trump said that there is no one who respects women more than he does... Where has he been during the last couple of days?  Doesn´t he know people watched and heard what he did and said?  It´s sad to read the excuses his supporters come up with to condone his behavior, especially when those excuses come from women.

I have recoiled and really don't even want to know the supporters of a man so repugnant. Great way to see what people really think and sweep out the friend list. Didn't know I had racists and misogynists and so many homophobes in my list: buh-bye! Vote BLUE!

"He even seemed to know where Aleppo is." So this is all the foreign policy knowledge we expect now of the leader of the free world? Scary.

Disgusting misogynistic views aside, how can anyone not see how ignorant of world affairs and how government works this man is?? He is unfit for the job of president in a way no previous candidate has ever been. #NeverTrump

And of course your sister has a right to have an opinion, but you "promoting" it as a "commentator"? Not so cool. And don't tell me you aren't promoting it, because otherwise, what the hell is this post about?

To me the most frightening thing was throwing his political opponent in jail. STALIN..IDI AMIN, wow what country is this? He openly planned his first abuse of power..

Must be tough to have a sister with such a stupid, tribal commitment to a political party that she will still consider voting for a man who is so completely hideous and dangerous.

Anyone, including your conservative sister, who buys this fool's self absorbed drivel has a consciousness deficit. How can it be possible that the USA could consider electing this man who is so unprepared, so loose with the truth, so undignified, so so wrong for elected office? He would be a disaster on a tuck-shop committee - let alone having the nuclear codes! Wake up America!!

Having watched the same debate as your sister, I cannot even fathom how she could have come to the conclusion she came to. He seemed particularly unhinged, volatile, sniffing constantly, and continuing to show us who he is - a completely ignorant, entitled, mentally unstable man with a limited view of the world. I have never been more frightened.

Yes. Trump can win. Trump has brought out the worst in people that even his sexual assault on women by Trump is no big deal. Trump said he has tremendous respect for women while Trump boasts on video about grabbing women's privates, forcibly kissing them and getting away with everything. Trump is disgusting but his voters love him unconditionally! They will vote for Trump no matter if they have been Trump groped!

I think she said her sister might vote for him because "He even seemed to know where Aleppo is." WOW... Trump can be president because he seems to know where it is... He does not even have to actually know it... just seem to know it. If you keep lowering the bar eventually anyone can exceed expectations.

Your sister is living in an alternative universe. She can she someone as president who never speaks of the plans that he has for the country? Who spends his waking hours insulting everyone? Okay lady. Top floor Trump Tower for you.

So he was better prepared for the debate and now he's somewhat trustworthy? Pathetic. He's, what, 70 years old? He has been the same all his life, it isn't because someone coached him to act like a reasonable person for barely 2 hours that something has changed. She's trying to convince herself into voting for him because deep down she knows she shouldn't. Maybe they could go to that mental institution together.

It is obvious that Peggy is scratching in the dirt like a hungry chicken looking for any bit to feed her need to vote Republican. If Trump's deplorable actions prior to the debate did not deter her, she was going to vote for him regardless. She may be your favorite deplorable, but to me she is just deplorable.

Trump was not in a locker room. He was in a professional situation and was being recorded. Maureen Dowd has not explained why her sister is backing Trump, and her article doesn't portray her sister as a very intelligent woman. She may not be deplorable, but she doesn't seem very discerning.

this article could have been much more if it was a longer story. could have been something interesting/challenging for the average non-trump nytimes reader to consider but it only scratched the surface

Pathetic.  This is how the bar gets lowered for the R candidate:  

'I think he did really well,’’ Peggy said. “He has done what the Republicans criticized him for not doing in the first debate, attacking her on Libya and the emails. He kept his voice calm even when he criticizes her. I like the way he walked around to stay in the picture when Hillary was talking. I think Christie and Rudy have prepared him better. He didn’t interrupt her on every sentence and he seems like he’s more aware of what’s going on. He even seemed to know where Aleppo is. He made good points that energy is under siege in the Obama Administration and that she wants to put coal miners out of work.’’ '

Admittedly that was an opinion not worth sharing. We all know that there are "deplorables" sticking with Trump, but I don't get what this story added to our preconceptions about them. Is every stupid opinion worth getting published? The writer should just grieve over her sister' mental capacity quietly.

"He even seemed to know where Aleppo is."

That's it, I'm sold.

Your sister, Peggy's observations about "locker room chat" is so far removed from my own husband's experiences that it only serves to underscore the danger of legitimizing this type of depravity.  And you, Maureen, have been one of Trump's enablers all along with your obsessive and relentless torching of Hillary.  Will you ever look back and realize that you turned a personal, not to say, unreasonable, dislike into a persistent diatribe?

Again, she said "half" were deplorable, and everyone with two firing neurons to rub together knows exactly which half she was referring to. If the writer considers her sister to be part of that half, and if the sister self-identifies as that half, then then that speaks for itself.

"He even seemed to know where Aleppo is." Congrats!! So do all of the junior high schoolers across the country taking a social studies class. Moron.

And your sister is deplorable. And I really fail to understand you. Hillary is well qualified and she is female. She actually makes sense. Trump only spews hatred for others and has clearly shown he has no respect for women. If he wins, let me know how that works out for you and your sister and for women's issues.

"She has been going back and forth on it for a year, vertiginous with the vicissitudes of trying to be a Republican in the Year of Trump."

Maureen Dowd-- Love her whenever she is on Charlie Rose. She is a great mind. That said, can she alienate her audience more effectively?

"vertiginous with the vicissitudes"

Know your audience. Your liberal Manhattan friends are super impressed. Those words are not necessary to express the thought. They are shiny and expensive though.

Roxanne Gay's assessment of the debate was spot on.  As to Trumpty, someone should offer him the lead in a whacky West Wing. Oh wait, the GOP did that already.

Trump has energized the Tea Party crazies just enough that he has assured that Madam President's second act after taking the oath of office will be to defend herself from impeachment. There is no way she will be able to get anything done even if she survives. 😞😡😞

Trump has managed to destroy the two party system.

"In the end, my conservative sister concluded: 'I could see him as president.' 

I think your sister belongs in St. Elizabeth’s, the mental institution in D.C.

They don't hear the excuses that are being made for him every day. His followers don't see the double standard of low expectations for their own candidate and impossibly high for Clinton. Everybody but the GOP picked candidates that are not crazy. Why couldn't Republicans do the same?

"All the guys do it" is a "if everyone jumped off the Geo Washington bridge" kind of comment. Society will be better when that stops. Not just women, but everyone will be safer. I don't want a President who felt at 59-years he needed the approval of a tabloid show host.

Then there is most definitely something wrong with your sisters ability to recognize when someone is clearly UNFIT for a position of such power! We need someone who Demonstrates the ability to LEAD this country! Not someone who SEEMS like he could do it! Please people get on board Donald Trump can't even run his Business without lying,cheating and, stealing! You think for one minute he's going to be able to deal with foreign countries that way!!!!!!!!!!

All other factors aside, his knowledge and strategies are so vague and strictly Business experience-based that he would be the worst president in US history.

Publicly shaming your own sister in a New York Times column? Wow, that's a low blow! Just don't get too close to the--well, you know. That's Trumps thing 😕

"He even seemed to know where Aleppo is." Wow. If the possibility that he may know the location of the epicenter of a humanitarian crisis impresses you, your bar standard is hardly higher than ground level.

The bar has been set so low for him that he improves if he doesn't throw a tantrum on stage....I want a consistently STRONG president....not a bully...but a STRONG, intelligent experienced, rational person....Trump is not ....

This isn't like a standard election cycle for me. I'm not sure I can separate my feelings about Trump and 98% of his supporters and the despicable things they've said, shared and clearly think. I think those relationships have changed because of what they've revealed about who they really are. I'm just thrilled my Republican husband stopped thinking of Trump as a possibility very early on and now is incredulous that he's still hanging on.

Among many others, this comment by Trump was disgusting. Speaking about Captain Humayan Khan, Trump said "If I was president at that time he would be alive today,” The casual cruelty of this statement is shocking. This is not the way you talk to or about people who have made the ultimate sacrifices for our country. It is one thing to talk about whether a war was justified, and another to simply erase the ultimate sacrifice of one man as a talking point. This is another in a long series of inexcusable, deplorable comments about veterans. He has denigrated POWS, Purple Heart recipients, and Gold Star families. Right and Left should be united on this. No one who disrespects vets who made the greatest sacrifices can be commander in chief of the armed forces of the United States of America.

Know what liberal Democrats have always said about Bill? We turn a blind eye to his personal behavior because he is liberal in his policies. Hypocrites!

It is sad to see the kind of excuses the supporters of the criminal and notorious liar -come up with 😂😂😂. So here is one excuse from the trump supporter-I am done with democrats and their running of this country! They led this country to an unimaginable financial hole. My stand is with republicans in hopes of at least some changes.

I am very sorry for your sister, you and this entire nation if this tyrannical toddler is elected president of our nation. God help us.

"He even seemed to know where Aleppo is." Well, I should certainly hope so. If the bar is set this low perhaps I should run for president next cycle!

So sad: "he’s more aware of what’s going on. He even seemed to know where Aleppo is" and that is about a candidate to the presidency of United States.

This demonstrates how low expectations are for him. He did well because he kept his voice even and maybe knows where Aleppo is...therefore maybe he could be president!

I could see him as a president molesting and grouping woman and thinking it is ok because he is a start.  Are people stupid to even to Support him after his predator character has been exposed?

The whole debate was a joke. Instead of talking about what either one of them would do to benefit our country it was all who lied the most. It's embarrassing more than anything.

In the end I couldn't see him his dog catcher. I love dogs too much.

Yet more proof that Donald Trump expects those he wishes to attract are necessarily ignorant and absolutely do not read is that he is running a commercial featuring a woman who implies that Hillary Clinton would take away her gun. This is a bold-faced lie.

Anyone who reads, just a little, knows that. Are they who purposely keep themselves ignorant "deplorable?” Maybe not. But they're asking for big trouble from a man they so readily allow to tap into their hatreds and fears.

Trump did an outstanding job.

He apologized for a remark dug up from 10 years ago.

He pointed out that his statement was just WORDS, while both the Clintons had ACTED and then attacked the victims in an attempt to cover up said attack.

He got back on to the business of what his platform is to correct the issues that are plaguing the country.

The man said exactly what I wanted to hear, he did an outstanding job in this debate.

im from africa.I watched the debate this morning from a neutral point of view.Trump won the debate and the new york times is biased lol.

Since the four options at this point are incredibly different I view the the back-and-forth here is merely an inability to be brave enough to stand up and ultimately support what you believe in. As they say, if you don't stand for something you'll fall for anything.

Trump said that 'he could stand on fifth avenue (NYC) shoot someone and not lose any voters'. This proves it. Friday's tape was the cherry on top and his supporters still back him up. Hillary was not far from the truth. This dude is totally wrong for America in every shape and form.

Donald Trump employed all the right moves in the last debate and crooked Hillary simply fizzled out most of the time! Well done, Mr Trump! #makeamericagreatagain

"He seemed to know where Aleppo is". LOL, I like how that is now the qualification to be president. I guess we can thank high-as-a-kite Gary Johnson for that.

Of course she could..these white supremacist don't care about anything he does as long as he uphold white supremacy they are fine. It is a waste of time trying to explain to them this is wrong,that is wrong ....they know it already and don't care

The biggest grope to his supporters will come if by some miracle he gets in office and then the his supporters will see he is just a big bag of hot angry air and is about to DISAPPOINT them ROYALLY!

"And now from the mouth of the village idiot" Revised New York Times Headline.

Trump like a raging bull... trying to intimidate because he has nothing else to give. He is nothing else than a clown. He is the one who should be locked up in a cage.

When he said he'd put her in jail- America Cheered. This was a game-changer. Best debate performance EVER. Trump was great- Hillary was a "disaster." (:

Anyone who can openly support him now, after admitting he uses his celebrity to molest women and discusses his daughter's breasts with other men is, in fact, DEPLORABLE. #ImWithHer

Trump 2016!!! Time to put the trash in prison! Time to clean the garbage out of our capital! The boyfriends of Every woman I know talks just like trump did and worse! Every woman I know does the same! If you are offended by guy talk you are the type of person who is looking tobe offended. Look at your damb self I betcha you have said or thought worse!

Maybe Maureen's sister is as sick of the lies and corruption as other people are who have bothered to get infomed. She probably realized that nothing will change if hillary is elected and she is wanting better for our country and wants real change.

Your sister has no respect for herself and I guess she's going to vote for what she believes she deserves because of her lack of respect for herself

Why do democrats make a big issue out of using the tax code for ones on personal benefit but go silent when a democrat uses their email for personal benefit?

DT won. He was more effective because of his short sentences and use of keywords.
HC told people to go to her site, during a debate meant for explaining yourself.
DT is becoming smarter with his talking points and that's a problem for HC

After watching the debate tonight, how do I describeTrump: repugnant, boorish, coarse, impudent, crude, loutish, abusive, surly, obscene, uncivil, insolent, churlish, graceless, defamatory, lewd, salacious, smutty, vituperous, shameless, raunchy...and oh wait...all these words mean about the same thing, HE IS NOT PRESIDENTIAL MATERIAL. He never ever answers any of the Questions. He always points fingers at somebody else to divert away from him. She was poised and answered all the Questions about her plans for the future. He doesn't have a plan or a clue for that matter. He is unfit to be the President of a Roach Motel, let alone the President of the United States ,

Now the Core Trump supporters remain...Now we have to deal with the hardcore psychopaths of the cult following...indoctrinated idiots .....I refuse to let my country be taken over by Nazis, the Right Wing domestic terrorists, Confederate flag traitors and racists and white supremacists.Our country is collapsing from within...not from Muslims, immigrants or foreign terrorists.Our problem is Trump and his thug ignorant racist horde of NazisOur nation's greatest problem...the collapse of our educational system , no one knows political science or factual history...of USA and world...how did we get Trump...we are a nation of idiots....Trump supporters are fanatics and cult followers...and after Trump is long gone these miscreants and sycophants are America's greatest threat...not foreign immigrants or terroristsTrump supporters...parasites and panicked...this is their last gasp...on November 9 they will either slither back into their caves or face the wrath of freedom and Democracy ...because they are definitely domestic terrorists.

I love how he refers to 'locker room' talk, as in: 
"i speak like that to ensure my orientation isnt misrepresented when im around other naked men."

من يتصور ذلك فهو مخطىء وعدّه البعض أنه يتحمل ضغوط على العكس أنه مستودع للأهانات وقيادته ستكون كارثة لا محال كونه مبتدأ ولم يعرف قط بالسياسة فلا يمكن الخلط بين السياسة والتجارة ..؟؟

"He seemed to know where Aleppo was" ..... wowwwwwwwwww, that's a pretty low bar.

Join the Trump Page and any other conservative FB pro-Trump page and read the comments, not hard to see how misdirected and angry his supporters are.

No shortage of morons in this country, that much is certain.

Hillary didn't say all his followers were deplorables, but it seems like they all want to jump in the basket.

Can someone explain to me what is Goldwater girl? Is it a school?

Seeing Trump as president is one of those horrible things you can't unsee so I plan to do my part to get anyone but him elected

Excuse me, he merely "seemed to know where Aleppo is" and you're voting for him? I hope this is satire.

Maureen Dowd you and your sister have a very low threshold of what you find presidential .

She is endorsing Free Trade and open borders with cuts to Social Security. Wikileaks is exposing the real truth and she doesn't like it. I don't know if Hillary Clinton can dig up more dirt as Assange still has 99% more authentic emails to post on her real policy issues which is very different than what she tells the public. She continues to lie, lie, lie. I felt so bad for Kathy Shelton the 13 year old girl that Hillary laughed and bragged that she got Kathy's rapist to go free while Kathy lay in a coma. The lab lost the evidence. She lost her ability to have children after the horrific rape. Kathy snapped at the reporters during a press conference with Trump after the reporters asked Trump something and Kathy visibly angry told them to ask Hillary that question. She carries a lot of anger towards the way her case was handled by Hillary in freeing her rapist and then laughing and bragging in the tape that she had gotten the offender free. Hillary is such a vile individual. all she cares about is herself, a very greedy and self absorbed individual.

He sounded like the half-assed drunk who lives at the local tavern.

Well Maureen Dowd you accomplished what you set out to do. Hope you're proud of yourself!

Finally new york times open up which side of the coin the are.

Call us deplorables.that same deplorable we make sure TRUMP wins the Election

He's a grifter living like a prince on debt selling a great lie to those hungry for revenge at any cost.

Apparently conservatives are ok with a sexual predator for president. Seeing as how they are ok with sexual predators in congress, I'm not surprised.

Is she really in the basket of deplorables Maureen Dowd?

How could the people of the most advanced country in the world consider this cheap salesman as their President.

Ugh!!! Fire Maureen Dowd!!! So sick of this droll rag! NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU THINK!

Poor Maureen smoked that weed in San Francisco and she's never been the same since.

The article fails to mention the deplorable hypocrisy and bias of the author, an ardent trump supporter and Hillary hater.

I'm sad for your sister and the abusive relationship she is entering into.

It's rare for me to take seriously anything Maureen Dowd writes. This is definitely not one of those rare occasions.

So relieved that my family share the same progressive views on the world. It makes for less stressful Thanksgiving 
get-togethers!

Wow Maureen, your sister sounds like she would benefit from some serious therapy.

You D.T. cheerleading squad, you are in need of a lot of yoga and meditation and education. Sisters wake up.

something leopard changing his socks? or underpants or stripes or uuuuuuhm let me see..Spots? or hairdo?

She clearly didn't watch the same debate as me, the one where he didn't answer a single f*cking question.

Oh my.  What a low bar she set.  Not surprised though - see it all the time these days - desperate times and all that.

And now women are excusing the locker talk? I think you need the mental hospital yourself.

The trump bar is so low... Any deplorable could make a case that they are presidential.

Her sister being white and Christian can see him being president. Just make sure you are always arm's distance away from him.

He cannot pay attention during a 90-minute debate, how can he be POTUS?
https://theinsidestorey.org/2016/10/10/donald-should-pay-attention/

...so I think even less about Dowd's sister than I think about Maureen.

Tell me again, why do they still pay you to write this drivel, MoDo?

I always wondered why the word deplorable and I get it now. P

Let me know when your sister admits herself into St. Elizabeth

None of the can be trusted. Unfortunately... it will make Obama look like an angel.

So she is a deplorable racist this whole time and you never knew it?

Friends come and go; I'm just so grateful I don't have family members that support him.

Great job Mr Trump. Ol "dead broke" Hilly could only stand for a couple minutes at a time. He had her off balance the entire time. But the flies couldn't resist her.

They're swayed by a loud voice and the smooth showmanship of the carnival barker.

Sorry Maureen you still have to claim her......but I understand family is family.

well of course they can see him as president, that's the crux of the problem. America has a population of citizens that think the things he says.....

"He even seemed to know where Aleppo is."  That qualifies him for the job of leader of the free world for sure!

Isn't there a number floating around that a certain percentage of voters will never change minds, no matter what information is presented?

I am beginning to think that Plato is right about one man one vote.

Supposedly there is a high correlation of IQ's among siblings. I guess we now have anecdotal evidence that there is little correlation.

Those who still believe in this unhinged person are equal;ly unhinged.

My sympathies for you and your sister - was she dropped on her head repeatedly as a child?

Hillary said Abraham Lincoln made her lie . She is truly unfit to run this country nothing but lies not one good answer did she give.

People who support trump are easily duped, easily manipulated. His mindless followers are dangerous and are quickly becoming society's fringe.

"Seeing him as President..." isn't an endorsement or is it?

This is my greatest fear. His followers love his rhetoric. His base discourse IS what makes him more appealing to them.

Wait Anything you say about goes double for Trump.

That's great!!! The debate calmed those that want him to drop out. Pence does not need to move to the top of the ticket.

There is a comparison of the
 "turkey also thought but hit the grill."
The result for Mr. Trump.

Poeple will see him soon as president and will watch the corrup going to jail.Yes theirs some  justice finally

And your sister could probably see a magical savior returning to earth just for her.

If you support Trump you're either a racist bigot yourself or you are UNIMAGINABLY ignorant.

The Bar has been set so low for trump, he provides no answers to questions but keeps cool one time and he should be president

That's the problem. And that's why he'll be the president. This country is finished

I am going to have to say your sister is a moron.  Does she enjoy being groped?

State Islamic terror persecuted the Jews and your blood will be rivers ...

The "basket of deplorables" comment really was unfortunate. Terrible choice of words. I for one would never use the word "basket".

Fascinating, thank you, Ms Dowd. As Trump might say, very edumacational.

Does conservative mean that people cannot identify lies? There is a difference between a good salesman and a liar.

It is very painful when we see people we care about so delusional that they are supporting Trump.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

"unprepared, so loose with the truth, so undignified" - seems like most Trump supporters.

Trump will lose the election, then many of you  will go back to your Klan meetings without a national platform for your hate.

He's like a third world dictator. Trump/Mugabe 2016. Make Zimbabwe great, again.

I felt like a needed a bath after watching that.

If you make him President America will be the laughing stock of the world.

Trump squashed Hillary repeatedly . She I cant see as president. Not because she is a woman ... but because she is dirtier than Trumps tape.

Does she know about this Federal lawsuit?
http://winningdemocrats.com/as-if-losing-isnt-enough-after-the-election-trump-is-going-on-trial-for-raping-a-child/

But not as low as this family! This is what the Clinton's are really about! http://www.businessinsider.com/nytimes-on-marc-mezvinsky-2015-3

I've lost the last shred of respect I had for Maureen Down, and its been shriveling for a while now. Ugh 😭

Promoting Trump here by using your deplorable sister is thinly veiled journalistic cowardice.

Donald Trump will NEVER be president!

Anyone notice this sham of a newspaper is in the tank for Hillary?? Hello..??

You can choose your friends.....

Hail to the Chief!
Introducing, your new President...
Donald J. Trump!!!

Stop this fantasy that there is some sort of national shared sense of common decency. Read the comments.

Its like a reality tv programme.  You keep in the one who is good viewing.

Trump...will you defeat ISIS with money you intend to steal from Veterans Benefits and Social Security Disability while you give all the elite taxbreaks...obviously your taxes don't help America...because you don't pay taxes...explain to me how that makes America Great ?Will your sons sacrifice to fight against Isis like those of us veterans who already have...are you ready to lose a son or daughter..

Or will you award yourself with more medals you never earned.Trump...sniff sniff ..again ? Still the cold...or amphetamines and cocaine...that ranting paranoia was the rant of a Meth Addict.

I would be very interested in how and why her sister came to her conclusion. Loyalty to the republican/conservative cause? Tribalism? Other?

Why does she have a thing for guys whose personality is a middle finger salute to everybody?

Wow she didn't say all - she said 50%. So if you count yourself as part of the deplorables, you must think really highly of yourself.

Charles Striker voting for your candidate is American and it's a right to vote for who YOU want. If you're getting hate messages than their really not your friends and they are acting anti-American.

I think trump supports will never change their minds about him.

just unbelievable after the way he has behaved all along???? I truly do not get it.

A vote for Hillary is a vote for no more justice in this country chaos will ensue.

Once again America has allowed itself to be humiliated on the World stage. This entire debate wouldn't have looked out of place under the Jerry Springer banner. Trump played with petulance and blind arrogance, he said Clinton used the word deplorables.. yet he has disparaged & spewed hate to pretty much every demographic across America, the difference  is his supporters seemingly accept being denigrated by their own leader....  too blinkered to comprehend maybe? Listen up people he has disparaged YOU, yes YOU wearing the Trump Tee, or with the Trump profile pic! The World is laughing at what an embarrassment America has become during this campaign, the American people are responsible for allowing such foolishness and a hate fueled campaign to get a foothold.

Mind-boggling, Maureen Dowd. And #Deplorable.

Well, I conclude that your sister is an idiot.

My condolences about your sister.

Better a deplorable than a deportable.



Donald Trump For President 100% <> Clinton - 30 degrees Fahrenheit.

"He even seemed to know where Aleppo is." Wow, our bar is pretty low.

And what Maureen Dowd's sister thinks matters why?



Maureen Dowd..hates the Clintons..

Good grief. That's crazy. That's delusional. She needs therapy.

Your sister needs to stay in her basket.

#GRABTHEMBYTHEPUSSY

Your sister needs some therapy for low self steem

Your sister is a lost cause. Sorry to tell you that.

She's a fat piggy. Definitely not a 10.

you should tattle tale on your sister so your mom puts her in time out 😉😉

What a low bar she had for him

Exactly what I was about to comment.

Yes, Maureen, your sister IS deplorable.

well, that's because your sister is an idiot.



Is Peggy adopted?

Your sister is a moron

You said it yourself, Deplorable😬😡😡

Your cousin is just as idiot as any other deplorable

Dowd's sister is weird.

"He even seemed to know where Aleppo is."

Fit for President, 2016 😂

Go , go , go Hilary

Face palm.

He is the DEPLORABLE.

😱

boo.

Liberals who love Jay-Z's music (which calls women b!tches in LITERALLY 1/2 his songs) are offended Trump said the word p#ssy?   Millions of women who love 50 Shades of Gray are “offended” by Trump too?    Hillary has called Bill Clinton's mistresses and victims worse things than Trump has ever called women. Obama actually campaigned with the “pimp” Jay-Z back in 2012, FYI.  Barack put him in campaign ads and was on the campaign trail with him as well, and liberals thought that was just fantastic.  This fake outrage over Trump's personal conversation with another dude is absolutely pathetic.

This is the opinion section- and as a nation with freedom of both speech and press- your words are more safe(for the moment- because Trump has spoken about limiting that too). My opinion is this: Mr. Trump is unfit to serve our nation in ANY capacity. If anything that tape did was reinforce the past 18 months of horrendous words that have spilled freely from his mouth. The debate last night showed him unable to answer questions on direct. From the people. A Muslim woman asks about what can be done to make her feel safer in our nation and he spoke about radical Islam. Not about Islamaphobia, not about how he plans to create a less hateful environment. Any moment he had to provide a logical answer he returned with an attack on the Clintons. America is tired of that. We can do that by ourselves.  He did not do his job. He did not answer the questions. This is a job interview- and as people who have hired employees, I have to ask: would you hire someone who was so openly derogatory, racist, hateful, unknowledgeable,  and misogynistic to be a lead person on your staff?  Pause before you answer. Because I am certain you would not.

Who cares about Dowd or her right wing family.

Your sister should see the nearest optometrist because she can't see at all if she sees Donald Trump as the next President of the United States.  I could see him as the Grand Wizard of the KKK,  but not the President of the United States.  That is a horrific view.

Maureen definitely got the brains in that family.

Maureen, you have my deepest condolences.

He is so vulgar, I wouldn't let him run a daycare

I couldn't ever see him as President!

Of what?

Of a dictatorship?

Yea, I've got one of "those" in my family too 😩

typical...what did you expect?

Interesting choice of name for your sister . Where did you get it ?

I s your sister Helen Keller?

Unfortunately, many "deplorables" overlook much of Trump's unethical practices and focus on a lot of misinformation about HC.  Their knowledge of either candidate lacks depth.  It's like they are voting on a reality TV show and not realizing the complexity of being a leader in today's modern world.

https://youtu.be/wEpsVSdtfcc

Couldn't possibly vote for Clinton or Trump.

Let's not and say we did.

SYour supporters aside, the American people are not as stupid as you think Donald Trump!  You are a national embarrassment and the sheer size of your utter malignant buffoonery Will be your legacy Long after all your buildings have turned to dust!  The biggest joke of modern times!  There's something there to respect, The anal wart that ran for president once.  Congratulations to your grandchildren!

http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2016/10/09/trump-comes-out-swinging-and-wins-second-debate.html

You need new set of values

Dump the Lying Trash Trump

Dump Trump



Oh hell no

I can see Trump as President.... last night helped so much ......

Her sister is a moron.

it's kinda amazing how people are so focused on the past antics of a billionaire saying he can get women easily, rather than focusing on issues in the present.  just think, the presidency will be decided by people focused on TMZ esque nonsense.  isn't that crazy?

Conservatives have different DNA

Your sister is an idiot

Any woman who votes for trump is either incapable of mental competence, or struggles with a deep lack of self esteem.  No other choice!  It's no longer some mythical economic reason!

Nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope. Just plain NOPE.

He seemed to know about Aleppo....

So sorry.

President of the DT fan club....

#feelthejohnson

Like for real you guys/gals never spoke like that. Get real.

Is Maureen much better?

Sad. Really sad.

In the end your sister probably also whooped and cheered with another approving "Good Boy" when Trump told Clinton that if elected President he would appoint a special prosecutor for her "situation" and if in charge of the legal system he would put her in jail!!  How proud you must be of the approval that your sister, the Jock, bestowed on  a 70 year old fat man for stalking his female debate partner while sniffing like a coke addict, smirking and smouldering with anger as he slings one ugly remark and lie after another.   If anybody has hate in her heart, it is your sister.

Did she eat paint chips as a kid?

Me too. But Mad Max world would be a nightmare.

"He's all mixed up." That's who you want as President.

To me anyone who votes for Trump, has the same mindset

President Trump won the debate and his deplorables are motivated

Let's not.

How can any woman ever vote for him?

Woooow, really?

President of what??

Of what?

Petulant child....

Sad! As a man thinketh so is he!

Ew!

Oh gross.

Trump 2016

New band name: Donald and the Deplorables.

Only wimps dump friends over politics

If you like dictators, vote Trump!

LOL I want to see Fact Check on that one.

#garyjohnson

Me too!

I am very proud to be a Deplorable that way every one knows im not a low down scum bag Democrat

You can't pick your relatives.



I hereby cancel my subscription.

I'd be ashamed to share that with the world.

Well, maybe she liked the smell of his fingers.

Your sis is a dumb
 Sorry for her.

How low can Bill and Hill go? ;) JGD. ----dr.

What equation did yr sister use?

Pay your tax first

Really?

You can retire now, Maureen.

...

Well then....you're sister is an idiot

Gross

F U N Y T

i have so much lower opinion of the human race now.

#DropOutTrump Disgusting Pig and a Sexual Predator.

Oy

Let's not

As a dictator....

ask kathy shelton about killary

Trump has no chance

Your sister is brainless

Dirty 30 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/dirty-30-377492.html 
Girl Asleep 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/girl-asleep-364540.html 
Storks 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/storks-332210.html 
Beauty and the Beast 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/beauty-and-the-beast-321612.html 
Sully
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/sully-363676.html 
The Conjuring 2 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/the-conjuring-2-259693.html 
I.T. 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/i-t-340677.html 
Queen of Katwe 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/queen-of-katwe-317557.html 
suicide squad
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/suicide-squad-297761.html
don't breathe
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/don-t-breathe-300669.html
End of a Gun 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/end-of-a-gun-411632.html 
Goat 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/goat-337874.html 
The Lovers and the Despot 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/the-lovers-and-the-despot-373355.html 
Closet Monster 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/closet-monster-353728.html 
1000% safe guaranteed.....!!!!!!!!!!!!

.

Yes,  and it's scary as hell!  I'm with Her!  Hillary will be president because light will out shine the darkness that's trying to bring down this country.   Hillary 2016!

"He even seemed to know where Aleppo is"

"He even seemed to know where Aleppo is"!?!?!?!?!?!?!

Maureen Dowd -- the longest running, most  Clinton hater the media had heaped upon us.

Well that just about sums it up then.  #stepfordwives

Trump being able to not go crazy on stage is presidential now?  Republicans have a new low bar if Maureen's sister is anything to go by.

Welcome to my world.  This is truly beyond my ability to understand and so darkly dangerous for all of our futures.

My former spouse said this on my timeline this morning:  "Face it---rape is not a big issue today."
Like · Reply · 41 mins

Smart sister   It's not that he is so good but that Hillary is so corrupt

And I see him, for the past 16 months, trying to lower all of our standards to the depths of his own.  And that's deplorable.

In the end, voting for Clinton is voting for Trump and vice versa.  So don't vote for either of them

Guess your years of attacks on Hillary have had an effect on your sister.  Sad.  Very sad for both of you.

The Trump/Pence theme is "MAGA".  Apparently it stands for "Make America Gag Again".

Your sister has a lot of emotional and mental problems.  Anyone thinking this person is acceptable is a very unintelligent person.

He keeps  lowering the bar and people keep accepting it.

YEA TRUMP !!!!   makes kids happy .

https://m.facebook.com/?hrc=1&refsrc=http%3A%2F%2Fh.facebook.com%2Fhr%2Fr&_rdr#!/199049746935671/photos/a.199051206935525.1073741828.199049746935671/679867442187230/?type=3&source=48

Tell her to pick up what remains of her brain
https://media.giphy.com/media/gCdkA4yD3vlsc/giphy.gif

Amber Wicelinski😳

Colin Massey

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8SLgf_BCCQ

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6I1-r1YgK9I

Coming to think of it - nearly everything that Trump says is locker room talk. Its like dudes with half baked knowledge talking about world affairs with bravado - 'you know what we should do - ban the muslims' says one. 'Great idea dude, if only politicians had the courage' comes the reply. 'why aren't they building the wall?' asks the third. And all problems can be solved with backyard fixes.

Stuff  like this http://facebook.com/577528208992530_1131402666938412 are why I love  social media ?