Trump lost on all grounds. He was grumpy, spiteful, revengeful and undiplomatic. He wanted to exercise revenge for the leakage of the video which costed him a lot of support he enjoyed. His facial expressions, and body language were so unfriendly, where as Hillary smiled all the time.

If Chump was so convinced that people would vote for him, why didn't he run as an independent?  Then he wouldn't have been beholden to these POLITICIANS that he despises.  Oh well, the GOP supporters are leaving him anyway.

it's over. She is clearly more responsible and more equipped and able to be President. The end.

All we international forum request to American people to elect Hilary Clinton in the president of 
US!!!
We support to Mrs. Hilary Clinton for the democratic & better world !!!
Mr. Trump has racist, sexist, and xenophobic ideology which never grow up the society & democratic!!!

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

The best comeback line in US debate history:

Hillary Clinton: 
"It's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country"

Donald Trump: 
"Because you would be in jail!"
😂😂🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸😂😂 

Lock her up for deleting 33,000 emails after receiving a US subpoena.

I'm so sick of hearing him sniffing all the time. His comments make no sense, show vast ignorance on history and current world events, and as usual are crude, nasty and have no redeeming value. "Locker room" talk is a ridiculous excuse for a 70 year old married man to be making about saying he can grab women by their pussys because he's a star & he can do anything. A useless toad.

As Secretary of State expect a debate on possible nuclear threats, which is very current today  !                                                              One of the topics that created more turmoil and apparent relationship increasingly tense is mainly due to the missile shield and a possible expansion of NATO by co-opting and other Balkan countries .START1 and 2 represented a major achievement, but it but he failed to establish a durable relationship and profound changes on trust between the two countries. It does not mean that we have reason to expect one nine glaciation in relation US - Russia. Compromises will be made only in return for a clear win. The lack of agreement on Russia-NATO relationship could question the Start Treaty provisions 2. Russia will not disarm unilaterally on nuclear plan, says Vladimir Putin, our national objective and our obligation to humanity is to keep a balance of strategic forces and their capacity. A Russian Deputy Defense Minister Nikolai Pankov, confirmed that Russia consider reopening the two bases.
In addition, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov explained:
The overall picture is not static, is a stream and the last two years came with substantial changes in international business and security. So, it is normal for all countries to rally in tune with these changes and make some steps in the direction that it deems appropriate. What I propose is a closer examination of the direction in which we are heading, I do not agree with blackmail Russia but no Russian roulette game where you have to enter America and Europe!

Speaking about Captain Humayan Khan, Trump said "If I was president at that time he would be alive today,” The casual cruelty of this statement is shocking. This is not the way you talk to or about people who have made the ultimate sacrifices for our country. It is one thing to talk about whether a war was justified, and another to simply erase the ultimate sacrifice of one man as a talking point. This is another in a long series of inexcusable, deplorable comments about veterans. He has denigrated POWS, Purple Heart recipients, and Gold Star families. Right and Left should be united on this. No one who disrespects vets who made the greatest sacrifices can be commander in chief of the armed forces of the United States of America.

Why are we not hearing all three candidates? This partisan commission with your duplicity is an insult to the electorate. The dynamic would be completely different with Gary Johnson on stage. The polling scheme is simply no longer defensible. (And shame on Budweiser for sponsoring this BS)

Temple Taggart has said that Donald J. Trump gave her an unwelcome kiss on the mouth when she was a 21-year-old Miss Utah. Jill Harth has claimed that Mr. Trump groped her when she did business with him. And Ivana Trump, Mr. Trump’s first wife, alleged in a deposition in their divorce that Mr. Trump raped her, an allegation she has since backed down from.

two faces of coin and the coin belongs to elite sycophants.no matter who wins the system will never change,bigots must need to be eradicated for the well fare of masses including whole world.

Remind him about Weiner, if he thinks there's Never  been in the history of politics a more abusive man towards women. He forgets ,its Hillary running, not Bill.

In the first debate he showed himself was polite to Hillary but in the second debate he mensioned about her husband's mistakes, Trump lost his way, he shoudn't attack a woman by her husband's mistakes.

Pence canceled a fundraiser tomorrow. If he wants to run in 2020, he'll leave the ticket altogether.

I totally resent I have been humiliated all my life to Pledge Alliegence to a flag that really does not exist in the bigger picture, to be in dr nated to be a potential troop for the elite, while they do not grow up having to do this because they are to be the masters and not the servants ... I can accept globalization, but I despise the lies that my kids too must inherit. They too, pledge their alliegence to the flag everyday in school. Is this really blasphemy?

Trump's behavior gave me a headache. I think Trump always wins, (or so he says), because he makes people so sick of the whole thing that they just throw their hands up and quit. Sort of like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum. I think he is a deeply disturbed person, with absolutely NO moral compass. To him it's win at all costs.

DT won. He was more effective because of his short sentences and use of keywords.
HC told people to go to her site, during a debate meant for explaining yourself.
DT is becoming smarter with his talking points and that's a problem for HC

Trump like a raging bull... trying to intimidate because he has nothing else to give. He is nothing else than a clown. He is the one who should be locked up in a cage.

Is it too late to get Bernie on a 3rd party ticket? Because he would easily win at this point.

Dirty Don was evasive when answering the questions, and while Hillary Clinton spoke Dirty Don was sniffing and pacing behind her like a nervous Coke Addict waiting for his pusher.

Drump: whatz your strategy ❓drump: never answered the question just ratted some people out "snitch"

THE DEVIL!! AS DONALD TRUMP CALLED HER!! BRING BACK BERNIE SANDES!!!!

For sure Hillary is fit to be a president you see even Trump in the end admitted

The Hilderbeast looked weak, she needs to push for the victim in Chief, GO ORANGE FACE

Bill Clinton is not the one running against Trump....

The fight best explained by Jane Austen. One hurts the sensibilities and the other, the senses .. 

So it's getting just more messier .. 

May be it's time : n it's never too late to bring in the new visionary who has actually served the US in a gud way : meet Evan Mcmillan , former CIA agent who is also running for the presidential post n no one mentions him .. Yet !!

-------------------------
How about just 1 : 

just one more final presidential debate between all the 3 : 

Mr . Trump , 
Mrs Clinton   and
Evan Mcmillan !!!

Donald spends more time off topic than he does on topic .... The dog from the animated movie "UP" seems to have a greater attention span than Donald "Squirrel" Trump.

Trump infinitely superior and nailed hrc on her lies and deleting emails after subpoena and every issue debated

Hillary defends rapists and attacks their victims - all with that big smile on her face, she's a horrible person. Trump won this debate, hands down.

BEST COME BACK IN DEBATE HISTORY?
HILLARY CLINTON: It's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country."
DONALD TRUMP: "Because you would be in jail."

After the debate drump gained 16000 followers HRC gained 25000 more on social media so again I say MAJORITY vs Minority = HRC NEXT POTUS 2017 you betcha "Palin's voice"

'He grabbed me:' Woman alleges Trump groped her exactly as described on tape

Jill Harth, a pageant owner trying to work with Trump in the mid-1990s, filed suit against him in federal court in Manhattan in 1997, describing a “relentless” campaign of sexual harassment and assault including an incident in which he reached under a table, put his hands on her thighs and grabbed her “intimate private parts” during a meeting at a New York restaurant.

http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-words-echo-womans-allegations-507763

Had to switch off... Trump is revolting and not fit to be President..

I think Americans are trying to vote in a complete turn-around of morals and what forms acceptable social behaviour. Trump may have a following with this new twist. (No pun intended.) Too many depraved and deprived men and women in America are yearning -- and please don't get me wrong -- for some human touch after decades of increasing sanitization of the human condition.

What Trump did was wrong, but it touches on a nerve: sexual and bodily assault cases now include touching a hand, wiping a tear, kissing hair. This used to be common gestures among even strangers; now we are afraid to touch our patients as doctors, and touch our wives or husbands without a bi-partisan permit signed in triplicate by either parties prior to the event.

Mr. Trump, this isn't a reality TV show. It's a presidential debate. You are showing once again that you are temperamentally unfit for the office. https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

We had another clown sighting at tonight's presidential debate, has anyone seen him?

for Clinton, the enemy in Syria is Russia, it proves once again that the terrorists there is project USA

Lockeroom talks made public is no lockeroom talk it is called wiretaping ;)

I only like the last few words of Donald ,except that all comes from his mouth is trash

Makes me wonder what is going on in the world of importance that isn't being covered...

His face is so fat it makes his mouth looks like this little round thing talking because his face is so fat

Only if the GOP meets after the inauguration and sign a pledge to obstruct everything Hillary tries to do in her first term, will this become a debacle for all our country. This pity party from Trump's minions is not garnering too many RSVP's because there is not an audience who doesn't realize he has blown this out of the water.  

The GOP would be wise to remember what they did that night and the fall out that it engendered. Word to the unwise: Don't repeat the same mistake twice. It hasn't serve you well for 8 years.  

Word to the wise: don't.  

Want to lay bets if she wins the election and Congress stays in the majority of GOP, Gowdy will attempt to start an impeachment process on either Benghazi or emails? How much you want to lay down? Nothing like a death wish after you have lost everything. But in this, you are as Trump, you can't help yourselves.

Regrettably TRUMP is alive and well after the debate that should have ENDED his candidacy....

we WISH HILLARY had won the debate.....she began the debate winning...unfortunately THE DONALD saved his campaign by dominating the debate, not answering the questions, and changing the subject...and generally not concerning himself with facts....

BERNIE FOREVER...Hillary for now...Trump for never...

You don't have to choose between Bill's principal enabler and Trump. Vote Gary Johnson. 

BTW before you mention Aleppo read below. 
Hillary,"we were under sniper fire"

Hillary,"we left the Whitehouse dead broke"

Hillary,"I was instrumental in the Irish peace process"

Hillary,"A hateful video caused Benghazi"

Hillary replied “I don’t know” a whopping 327 TIMES during her e-mail investigation. After SMASHING 13 iPads and iPhones!

Hillary," We all knew he was guilty as hell *laughs*" -when talking about a child molester she defended and won for 

Hillary, “floozy,” “bimbo” and “stalker,”effort to cast doubt on the Bill's accusers. 

Wolff: “And Brexit? Your position?” Trump: “Huh?” 
Wolff: “Brexit.” 
Trump: “Hmm.” 
Wolff: “The Brits leaving the EU.” 

Trump,"I remember watching the firefighters on 7/11"

Trump,"I will defend article 11 of the constitution!"

Trump,"I don't know why there are 13 stripes on the flag"

Trump thought Quds=Kurds

Trump,"I don't think my daughter Ivanka would pose for playboy, although she does have a very nice figure, I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter perhaps I'd be dating her"

Trump about a married woman:"Yeah, that’s her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." 
"Grab ’em by the p***y. You can do anything."

Hillary and bill destroyed those women. 

I think we need to help these women. Just think about carrying those scars throughout your life. I'm a male but dam it look at these women. It's just not right. 😥

Join the millions of Americans who REJECT the values of the Democrat and Republican party. No WikiLeaks. No Hot Mics. Not beholden to financial industry special interests. Gary Johnson is a former two-term Governor with a solid track record. Join us and join the next American Revolution. VOTE your values, VOTE Gary Johnson for President. #YouIn? #2016JohnsonWeld

How can you say that it's a full story without this footage?

https://youtu.be/6QGl1d4wi20

And the fact that none of us have green initiatives besides a few extremists going uncovered by the times of course

The New York Times is a government sanctioned propaganda spewing corporate welfare taking corrupted organization. Has not told the truth about much since before 9/11/2001. Shameful. Never Hillary. Never Trump.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

Melanie Yeoman "i really can't stay, baby its cold outside"

Trump and Obama agree on one thing - Hillary Clinton doesn't quit.

Trump couldn't debate an old shoe

She lost, and lost large!

NYT doesn't like it when it's candidate loses.

Hostile..lol... He punked her out

Trump contentiously has to fight against the corrupt media, government , fly by night RNC members and Hillary's paid special interest groups.  Tonight Mr. Trump spoke for all the American people that are fed up with Hillary's liberal mafia.  Tonight Mr. Trump lifted the heavily guarded skirt of Hillary Clinton and exposed her evil underbelly.

Translation of the title: Trump destroyed Hillary tonight.

#HillaryNailedIt

Should have been a hell-in-the-cell match

President Trump was great !

Dump the Trash Trump

We should get somebody to look into his drug use

He is a real embarrassment .. can't fix stupid

#letgarydebate

I am embarrassed for us all.

#nohandshake

Clinton = House of Cards !!!

SHE IS A LIAR.

The full 'story' LOL.

"BORING"!!!!!!!!👎🙏🏻

beuaty and the beast :)

His so stupide more than this i cant say

Trump won the debate🇺🇸💙💜❤️ Amen

I Bet

#ImVotingForJillBecause <3

GO TRUMP ! US ! US ! US ! US ! US ! US ! US ! US ! US !

FENCE , RYAN .. PULL A TEAM TOGETHER ! YOU HAVE MY VOTE!!

Donald J. Trump what u said so stupid?🖕🖕🖕

that's good Hillary Clinton

People love to Hillary #Clinton more than #Trump in the World! https://goo.gl/h4J4FA

Aaron de Jong

Steve Cho

"you'd be in jail".  and trump is right, if she wasnt friends with the FBI, she would be.

The whole freak show is truly pathetic.  Is this the best the US can do.  Surely you are doomed.

Débat  .vraiment  irrespectueux  .pourquoi. tant de monde soutien  Trump .???pas de programme  .raciste 😈😈un grand  menteur.

http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/?ex_cid=rrpromo#now

Johanna Krause

************CHECK THIS OUT **********
HAS INFO ON MOM'S PASSPORT!!!!

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=EFCQvvXSwx4

DOMINICAN REPUBLIC IT IS TIME FOR TAKING TOURS.

Americans! look at these below (no offence intended 😂 )-
1.http://www.fakingnews.firstpost.com/world/looking-us-presidential-candidates-mexico-build-wall-keep-escaping-americans-away-16564

2.http://www.fakingnews.firstpost.com/world/americans-living-abroad-calling-canadians-avoid-explaining-presidential-candidates-17769