I am pretty sure the comments will soon get nasty. So I just would like to say something positive now. I hope whomever reads this that you have a great week!!!

Trump did not answer ONE question. Not one. Every single time, he turned it into an attack against Hillary. Deplorable..

Did anyone notice the only time Trump looked and sounded sincere, was when he said he respected Hillary because she is a fighter and she does not give up! Only time he was honest, or sincere, throughout the whole debate!

The debate this evening felt like a night out in your early 20s, when you drank too much and got into an argument with your boyfriend, and at some point realized you weren't making sense and you didn't know what you were saying, but now you're in too far so you're going to stick it out.

When Trump speaks, he makes all republicans want to become democrats.

Well, it was nice to see 30 seconds of civility. A tough question and it forced them to come to a positive end. We kinda need that.

This is exactly the traits I want in a President & why I support Hillary Clinton for President. For once Donald Trump told the truth!

Donald J. Trump: "She does fight hard, and she doesn’t quit, and she doesn’t give up. And I consider that to be a very good trait."

Trump discusses policy with all the nuance and detail of a 5th grade book report, given by someone who didn't read the book, delivered with the vocabulary of a second grader.

Um... No. Ivanka and Tiffany seem lovely. But his two adult sons shoot and kill innocent animals all over the world for fun. They are no measure of success.

Interestingly enough, Ivana said earlier this week that she raised them on her own and that he did not help.

Well played Hillary!

Wait ....now he says she fights hard and doesn't give up? Didn't last debate he say she lacks stamina? Does he not hear what comes out of his own mouth?

Besides the answer, shoutout to the guy asking this brilliant question which was the smartest possible move for the end of the evening.

Can't believe anyone thinks he did a good job tonite. He did not answer any questions (except the last one) and resorted to whining that "you're letting her talk longer than me", waaaaaaa!

I thought she had no stamina, now he says she doesn't quit?

Please let's all remember too that The Donald has relegated all child rearing to his several wives. So really he shouldn't be getting that particular compliment. I'm pretty sure Hillary knew that too.

I did like the last question.  All that have been said about each other during the debate, I was at least once able to smile.  We all need that sometimes.

I don't think we learned anything new from tonight's debate. We still know who Donald is and that Donald doesn't have anything but vague criticism of everything in the present with no specific plans for improvement. We know who Hillary is and that she approaches the world with optimism and specific plans to make things better. We know that Donald skulks around like an unhappy bear and talks interminably about anything he happens to be thinking at the moment and that Hillary uses what little time she has to address some of Donald's many attacks and to present her specific plans to move our country forward. Hillary presents herself firmly up front when she speaks and is listening attentively when she isn't speaking. I think we call Hillary's demeanor "Presidential".

Ok. So first the idiot says she has no stamina. Then he says that she's a tough fighter and she doesn't quit. Seriously, Republicans should start thinking about who's gonna run against her reelection like, right now...

Because Ivana raised the kids.  He had little to do with them until they   Were older.

How many times tonight did Trump resurrect and repeat that old 1970's meme of African Americans = "inner city." At lease five times! Good grief!

I can't believe that the most powerful country in the world has been reduced to these two, they're just focused on throwing shades at each other than actually giving believable solutions to America's and American's real problems.

Careful Donald, you make it sound like she has stamina.

The children of DJT were raised well, because Ivana Trump did it by herself. DJT was not in the picture until after they were grown. While married to Ivana and after their divorce, he was too busy chasing "cats" to be a involved or a hands on dad. No diapers for DJT. I just read an interview by Ivana.

I had to give Trump kudos for the remarks he closed with. They were the most truthful words he uttered all night. So, good on him for that. (I'm sure a lot of us had the same surprised looks on our faces as she did.)

Hillary's daughter, Chelsea and Donald's daughter, Ivana are very good Friends. But the boys are very naste Young men, the hunt inocent and beautiful animals.. Trump's answer was very genuine, I am agreed.

I thought Trump did an excellent job tonite.  On his last answer, he really showed her up and showed the class that she lacks.

Trump gave a direct compliment, and Hillary gave a sideways compliment.. which exemplifies them well. You can trust Donald to speak his mind, and Hillary to fake it. That's a problem.

It is quite shameful watching this debate that is for the highest office in the US. What a sad chapter for the history books.

Wow - what a fantastic question from that man in the audience. Forcing each candidate to show some humility and decency. Can American vote for that guy instead?!

at this point what answers you are expecting to see? Don't you watch enough speeches and debates to know what everyone is standing for? It's foolish of you not being able to see what debates mean at this stage, it's just a tool to attack each other in order to get votes

I think I would have said, "I admire his chutzpah showing up after we heard his comments about women".. no shame,, keeps blaming others..emotionally immature....

Trump seems to have difficulty bringing sentences together. I'm not voting for any GOP. I've read too much about the new GOP ideology. They have infiltrated our Politics & I don't like it. A GOP candidates will take too much away from the people of this Country. The ideology of the GOP - is to pass more & more power, control & money to the few!!! Very scared about losing Social Security, Medicare, Health Care, Public Schools.... I never in my life thought we'd have to fight to keep things our Forefathers fought & died for to make our Life better. We have to fight our own Citizens to keep our Social Services & Securities.... Very sad!!!

Perfect compliment by Hillary. It is a known fact that he had no role in being part of his children's lives until they were adults...perfect!

Lol. He has respect for Hillary in the last moments. What a surprise when he is always try to attack Hillary, but not answer any question.

Watching the nominees attacking to each other over personal issues rather than debating economic or social proposals was not good at all. Overall, it was more conflict-oriented. 
Well... at least this presidencial debate ended up in a much cordial way than it began...

One thing about this debate which I appreciate is that after such harsh criticism and blaming against one another, they at least had something positive to say about each other in front of the public. However, in general it was amazingly volatile...assessments to be seen.

Trump killed it with Hillary did absolutely horrible she did not talk about lowering National that she wants to open borders and let 550% more immigrants in which equals in return for her 550% more money in taxes

He should've asked a question like how are you going to deal with foreign work exchange or climate change. Stuff that really matters instead of politicians' feelings.

I find this expression of mutual respect that these two candidates showed to the public in the end of the public debate, even if artificial, is something that the politicians of India can emulate.

Well at least trump ended up more honest and better than Hillary. Hillary praised trump kids where as trump praised Hillary. And that exactly what the question was. Moral: Hillary is a shrewd person.

Well after listening, reading, and watching the top presidential nominees for the past year, I have decided to write in for a presidential candidate. And that candidate is, "The Most Interesting Man in the World." You know the guy from the Dos Equis Beer commercials. The basic reasons I would vote for this man of interesting character of fiction is because of his honesty and likeableness. Which he clearly has more then the two current front runners of the presidency. The most interesting man is so honest, that he himself is a synonym for honesty. The Most Interesting Man is so honest, that Honest Abe would ask him about the truth. Images, which we can not say for either Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.
The most interesting man in the world is so like able, polls do not even bother polling on this subject. He is also so like able that aliens want to be caught in a photo with him.
These are just some of the reasons, I plan to write in the The Most Interesting Man in the World as a candidate for the presidency.
Now when you vote for the next president please remember this :
I do not always vote, but when I do, I will prefer to vote for,"The Most Interesting Man in the World."

He walked the debate. Exposed Bill (who looked mortified) on his sexual harrasment and bullying of victims.Brought up Obama/Hillarys role in the rise of ISIS and their support of Al queda/Nasra front. Showed how she is a puppet of Wall St.I actually felt sorry for her at the end...

Actually I think Trump nailed it.   Sure wish Ben Carson was the candidate however.   Hilary was exposed as a backdoor crooked political figure like all the rest.   Special interests are her love wonder why ?   How much did they donate to her foundation?   Term limits and cleansing Washington is necessary for both political parties!   Voting them all out this year

I just wish Trump would get a bit of patience and let Hilary talk!! Not butt in all the time when he doesn't like what She is saying!!!

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

What else could she say? She was cornered    She could have said "I've heard that Donald sanitizes his hands frequently, so he can grab the pu:$y. "

if HRC had referred to her website one more time I would have thought this were an infomercial...did remember Hilary should be in Jail

Is this 'Mean Girls' now? 

"I just want us to go back like we were in middle school and make a cake made out of happiness"

That was a nice ending to such a horrific performance from
Both of them. Although Hillary shined today by staying calm and focused

Why couldn't the campaigning have started out with those statements? It might have been a far more civil and meaningful campaign season.

She spent too much time to defend. She should have spent it for attacking Trump. Although he's using dirty strategy, he's very well-prepare today.

it must irritate the NYT considering they ran smear pieces on trump all week, only to find trump putting in his strongest performance to date.  it's almost like you guys gave him incentive to do well, good job!

The bar was so low for Trump!!! He had to scoop himself of the floor!!! So glad he did not physically attack Clinton!! He really was off the hook sneakily creeping around the stage.

It does say a lot about Donald, Chelsea thinks her mom finally visiting when she is looking for a hiding place is acceptable...showing up with pneumonia with a 2 year old and newborn...that's poor judgement and desperate. Only hillary

He promised to prosecute her. That is awesomely huge. Finally. Someone wants to give us some justice against this evil and corrupt cartel. I'm Voting For Jill Stein on November 8, 2016 A women we can trust. She has not been treasonous.

I kick myself. I hate myself for saying this: he gave the better answer. On just that one thing.

so, Donald J. Trump, would you say she has STAMINA? STAMINA.

p. 4 h. 1 Article 157. Closing the proceedings, votes = If the order or decision of the court, which came into force only apply to part of the dispute that is the subject of a court, then the court closes the proceedings in this part, as to the rest of the - still pending. https://youtu.be/ZnakFjTnqcQ

How can that be said of someone with 'no stamina' who can 'barely walk to her car'?

Only this time Trump is honest! Yess Madam President is A strong women! 💙🙏🏻💙🙏🏻💙🙏🏻

The winner of the debate is the man who asked the last question!!!!

Ivana raised those kids, he wasn't there...read what she's said

This makes me chuckle. Ivana raised the kids, turned adults over to him.

Hillary Clinton never not once talked about lowering the national debt

You omitted her comments about herself, which went on longer than why she said about him. 
Typical media

I thought he said she doesn't have the "stamina" needed to be President? Oh wait, he will later say he didn't say that....😡👎

Clinton praises his children while trump praises her perseverance..... trump clearly won!!!! NY Time shove a fork in it!

Sounds like an endorsement for Hilary to be President there Mr.Trump. she's a fighter and she wont give up.

one minute he says she has no stamina. now he says he respects that she fights hard and doesn't quit. hmm.

That's weird. He respects that she "never quits" but he's questioned her stamina??

This was the only question he answered the entire evening.

So she doesn't have stamina but then she doesn't quit???? #trumplogics

It must have been daunting for Clinton to have the grab them by the P***** man lurking behind her.

I am sorry. But complimenting a person's very grown children is not complimenting that person.

Relax, I'm voting for Clinton. Just saying.

I believe Donald Trump endorsed Hillary Clinton with that last question. Can you name one thing you respect about each other?

SPEAKING OF RESPECT FOR WOMEN...OK..Donald's trash talk about groping women is nasty..deal..But HOW ABOUT Bill Clinton, not just talking about it, BUT ACTUALLY DOING IT.?..GROPING WOMEN IN THE OVAL OFFICE ..and Hillary Clinton supported her husband 100% in doing so...
DOES THIS COUNTRY HAVE DEMENTIA ??

Donald Trump endorsed Hillary for President.

Donald J. Trump: "She does fight hard, and she doesn’t quit, and she doesn’t give up. And I consider that to be a very good trait."

trumps kids are great why again? they got jobs and don't do drugs? that says nothing to me about ethics or morals.

Hillary TOTALLY blew the question. It was classless to evade an answer about Trump- because she is so low. Trump's answer was gracious - thoughtful- and GREAT...Well played Mr. Trump- Well played...(:

It's almost like he was saying, you know, she has a lot of...stamina.

I think somebody slipped him a xanax..he was awfully calm except for the pacing..

His sons' need to kill beautiful animals is rather disturbing, though.

Hillary has a smelly feet and a chicken has a bigger brain than her!

'He grabbed me:' Woman alleges Trump groped her exactly as described on tape

Jill Harth, a pageant owner trying to work with Trump in the mid-1990s, filed suit against him in federal court in Manhattan in 1997, describing a “relentless” campaign of sexual harassment and assault including an incident in which he reached under a table, put his hands on her thighs and grabbed her “intimate private parts” during a meeting at a New York restaurant.

http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-words-echo-womans-allegations-507763

This may have been the toughest question of the entire 2016 campaign!

Nancy could prosecute him for sexual harassment, but talks about prosecuting Mrs. Clinton..

Hey, look. The political debate ended like it started - with no one discussing politics!

They were both acting like children and were treat as so. Great question sir.

Thought I was watching an episode of the jerry springer show during the first few minutes.

on this particular question she really blew it. her answer sucked and his didn't. on this particular question.

nice to see a slight glimpse of a pleasant moment of what has been such a nasty race

I was SO happy when the gentleman asked that question! Respect❤️

Hillary Clinton is war criminal, terrorists supporter, liar, traitor. 
Donald Trump completly destroy Hillary Clinton with raw truth. 
Period.

But donald, the last debate you said she lacked the stamina. You said she didn't have the stamina and you still didnt think she had the stamina

Trump did an AMAZING job
crushing that lying witch Hillary!!!! Hillary was on the defensive the entire debate! Her body language was so easy to read! Pence crushed Kaine and tonight Trump CRUSHED HILLARY!!!

BEST COME BACK IN DEBATE HISTORY?

HILLARY CLINTON:
"It's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country."

DONALD TRUMP: "Because you would be in jail."

You can really tell Martha thought trump is an idiot! The Donald definitely did a better job in this debate!! The orange man can easily be our next president ppl... hmmm... let the good times roll! 🎈

I personally thought Mr Trump gave the perfect answer!

That says a lot about his wife and the nannies who raised his kids to be devoted or they would be cut off financially .

Hillary is a liar that cheated Bernie Sanders out of the nomination.

Proof that Hillary can think on her feet and come up with something 99.9% of us would have failed at miserably.

Something about that just warmed my heart. Shout out to the gentleman who asked the question.

I was happy to hear someone say something positive. Their responses to the last question were their best responses.

Where was Tiffany Trump? Why wasn't she in the audience with his family supporting him?

That was a great question and I'm glad they answered it.

This guy must be a marriage counselor or an elementary school teacher.  :-)

Trump be like, "You  insulting me Hillary? I did not raise the kids. Ivana and Marla and Melania did."

I loved the look of his kids faces... like "mama, take us away from the bad Orange man into your kingdom!!"

MAYBE AMERITARDS SHOULD GIVE UP ON VOTING AND LET THE MEDIA VOTE FOR THEM

He makes fun of her stamina, but it wasn't a catchy soundbite tonight, so he said the opposite.

Trump rocked tonight said what we all think she should be in jail. Righteous indignation with a husband like hers

We really do not know much about his children. Notice his ex wife's are staying silent. What pressure is on them.

But he also has said numerous times that she's not strong enough to be POTUS... ??????

I just can't make fun of Trumpsters anymore, it's like kicking Tex Cobb.

I love this man...he should run for president!

He didn't answer the questions. I really thought Hillary was the winner again

I was surprised he said that after he said she doesn't have stamina in the first debate.

"I think that says a lot about Donald." Yeah, that he's holding their inheritance. lol

"His children are incredibly able and devoted," --- maybe because their mothers raised them? 🤗

He gave her a very nice character reference. I hope it appears in her ads.

You forgot last few lines of Trump's "compliment" but this us no surprise, ny times being ny times

It was a great question too two people that hate each other!

that was a fab moment of the debate; let's see who will sail the boat -

Best question of the night! Give that audience guy a pat on the back!

Beautiful twist!!!! A good competition needs not be always so negative and full of hatred!

And THAT was the last cordial moment as we continue our race to the bottom.

Nice comments about each other - Trump does have wonderful children - that's says a lot about him as a Father.

The same guy who has argued that Hillary lacks stamina said "she does fight hard and she doesn't quit and she doesn't give up"

She still went on about herself and it was pretty much a backhanded compliment..

CARL BECKER FOR PRESIDENT 2016! Asking the Tough Questions! #imwithcarl

Love this man who had the guts to force their hands and bring back some decency to the debates👏👏👏

After spending 2 hours cringing, I actually thought this was a very nice way to end the debate. I liked both answers!

When Trump said her heart is full of hate I thought of his treatment of the handicapped reporter, not a presidential move.

Lol. She got crushed. Keep defending her mainstream

I think his answer to the last question was the most honest and sincere thing he said the whole night.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

when it takes an american citizen to ask a question for them to treat each other with some dignity...

Thank you, NYT, for pointing out this one hopeful goddamn thing.

Props to the last guy with the last question. Great way to try and close the night, regardless of how it went.

Trump said he has so much respect for women and always treats them with respect . Biggest crock of sh*t I've ever heard .

that is the best part at the end we are humans beings, but some say the elite is reptilians, could be true?

I absolutley loved that last question!

Does the children's devotion say more about Donald or about the size of their trust funds ...

I fact checked the answers to this question, and both candidates were 100 percent correct.

He never even raised his children -jeez -don't give him credit for that !

https://youtu.be/lKiZn3TClK8 saludos amigos es un gusto poder compartir mi último trabajo musical con ustedes!!! #mrblack593

This was the best and only important thing tonight.

C'est de cette question que je te parle Yecine Chebbi j'ai aimé.

Lamest question of the evening. It's one of those absurd interview questions -- "tell us what your greatest weakness is"

The sexual deviant Trump know more about attacks and tabloid than policy, the only True is that is not a politician is an imposter playing one in TV. I didn't learned anything new about his secret plans it still a mystery to me. His knowledge of foreign policy is very limited without a plan for Syria or ISIS but as he started" I know more than the Generals! If that satisfies his base, I wouldn't disagreed with the non-educated.

Chendia Nicholass Sharp look! How blatant is this edit of the comments!

This audience...if it is a cross section of America....is an embarrassment to the world

Raysa Queiroz quem vê, até se engana que só tem carinho

I am not trying to criticize this nice man. But, Susie Sunshine can't fix this hate fueled campaign.

You don't have to choose between Bill's principal enabler and Trump. Vote Gary Johnson. 

BTW before you mention Aleppo read below. 
Hillary,"we were under sniper fire"

Hillary,"we left the Whitehouse dead broke"

Hillary,"I was instrumental in the Irish peace process"

Hillary,"A hateful video caused Benghazi"

Hillary replied “I don’t know” a whopping 327 TIMES during her e-mail investigation. After SMASHING 13 iPads and iPhones!

Hillary," We all knew he was guilty as hell *laughs*" -when talking about a child molester she defended and won for 

Hillary, “floozy,” “bimbo” and “stalker,”effort to cast doubt on the Bill's accusers. 

Wolff: “And Brexit? Your position?” Trump: “Huh?” 
Wolff: “Brexit.” 
Trump: “Hmm.” 
Wolff: “The Brits leaving the EU.” 

Trump,"I remember watching the firefighters on 7/11"

Trump,"I will defend article 11 of the constitution!"

Trump,"I don't know why there are 13 stripes on the flag"

Trump thought Quds=Kurds

Trump,"I don't think my daughter Ivanka would pose for playboy, although she does have a very nice figure, I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter perhaps I'd be dating her"

Trump about a married woman:"Yeah, that’s her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." 
"Grab ’em by the p***y. You can do anything."

Breaking Hillary exposed❌❌

Biased media doing anything they can to drag this crooked Hag Hillary across the Finish line! 

Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?!? 🇺🇸

Look at the man behind the man who posed the question. Where did his chin go?

Lies lies lies!!!! Governor Gary Johnson for President!!! Gov. Gary Johnson will be on the ballot in ALL 50 STATES!! https://www.johnsonweld.com/issues

#JillSt#JillSteinForPresident. True progressives can now vote our conscience for Jill Stein since #TrumpHasImploded.einForPresident. True progressives can now vote our conscience for Jill Stein since #TrumpHasImploded.

The New York Times is a government sanctioned propaganda spewing corporate welfare taking corrupted organization. Has not told the truth about much since before 9/11/2001. Shameful. Never Hillary. Never Trump.

Now children, we have to say one nice thing about each other...

Give Hillary credit. His children are just as disgraceful but what fleas could she have said about the man....

The only straight forward answer given by Trump all night.

This was a wimpy feel good question. We learned nothing to help us decide between them from their answer.

Fights hard. Never gives up. Perhaps it's presidential stamina...

I think it says a lot about their mother.

But the ex-wives raised the kids.

Well for once I agree with Trump.

Loved that last question.......... they really had to think......

Trump lied multiple times throughout the debate.

TRUMP IS A CRAY CRAY MOTHER CLUCKER!!!

Kids were raised for the most part by their MOTHERS!

TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT

Soo you are saying she has stamina...

It sounds like ....he would vote for her...lol

PRESIDENT HILLARY CLINTON 2016!!

She was class, he was crass.

Donald Trump totally won the debate!  His Lincoln remarks and the jail remark were classic!  Huge win!  He was fighting three against one and kicked Hillary's butt!  Martha actually argued with him!!!!  Martha was not supposed to be debating Trump, Hillary was.  TRUMP HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!

Alexandre Parrode aiiiiin olha essa pergunta

Hillary Clinton you are a disgrace to this country  actually to the human race. I pity your grandchildren, they will grow up to be hated just like you. How will you ever teach them good values, honesty and fairness when you yourself can't uphold them. Pitiful is all I can say about you.

We have nothing to fear but fear itself".   FDR
"speak softly and carry a big stick". Teddy R
" ask not what your country can do for you ask what you can do for your country". JFK
"Grab 'em in the P*ssy."  Donald Trump

I am honestly surprised Trump answered as nicely as he did

Wait I thought she was weak with no stamina

Trump is dangerous to this country.

Kelly Anne Conway ... God what a creep ... how can she face herself or her family when she works and lies for this pig?!  I guess she wants the money ... oh, so is everything Trump says just his shooting the bull or does he tell the truth about his sexual exploits?!  Which is it?  And he did lie over and over ... about ICE, locking her up, the number of refugees !!!

Loved the ending!

Stamina?

That's because their mother raised them.

Almost sounded like a concession speech

devoted lil psychopaths like daddy...

Keep an eye in tweeter

She beat him fair and square.

Why was he sniffing during the whole town hall meeting?

DT is the worst presidential candidate in US history

A high note, of sorts!

Trump is Bif a bully, doesn't look human and kkk

Not very entertaining to watch. Went back to watching Netflix.

Banana Republican Trump will prosecute his opponent.

Trump infinitely better and nailed hrc on her lies and deleting emails after subpoena

I our long, universal nightmare over yet???

The only thing I could have said was: "Nice tie"

I'm With Her

That was a lame a$$ compliment

He finally spoke truthfully.

I think he's referring to something we call 'stamina.'

I thought she didn't have the stamina...

Can the guy asking that question be President?

Don TRUMPED killary ! Period !

Don TRUMPED killary ! Period !

Don TRUMPED killary ! Period !

Don TRUMPED killary ! Period !

I believe he praised her stamina.



His children kill animals in Africa for sport

hillary you have a problem. called dolnald trump

Put the witch in jail...



Can we get a fact check on her answer please?

I think imma vote for these nuts..... Lol....

Just answer the stupid question Killary

#letgarydebate

There you have your answer !!!

Great job Hillary!

GO NY GIANTS, THE REAL IMPORTANT ISSUE

But very nice question though.

What a debacle these two

This was the only question that he answered.

to ask them to name a good thing about the other was to simply bring more "dumbing down" to the discussion.  the whole platform of the republican party has been terrible and awful for the past 2 decades at least but now we want to pretend that trump is the worst.  every republican is voting to use the legal system to change society...to limit access and rights to those who share a single belief.  to deflect with a question about good traits in your opponent was rude given what donald represents.  i thought this question was a waste of time and i still cannot respect any person who can still be "undecided."

She nailed it.

What the hell is so great about his children?

His kids are deplorables.

This was the best question of the entire debate.

#LetGaryDebate

The "Trumpets" they look so embarrassed

Who raised his children ???

this question deserves a medal

I thought it was a stupid question

This question won the night. Loved it so much!

I loved this question

His two sons are big game hunters.  There are a multitude of photos of them with their quarry--dead big cats and elephants.  I have to say I was really disappointed that Hillary commended him for how he raised his kids.  Something is seriously wrong with people who have a need to kill innocent animals.  Those who claim that the money they pay for these hunts helps the communities know not what they are talking about.  Sounds nice but it's false.

Aka Stamina?🤔

Good question & good answers by both

Grascious for both.

Is that some kind of therapy move?

Stupid question. Who cares?

Best question of the debate.

Who are the mediators?

thats refreshing

HILLARY HITS THE CANVAS IN THE SECOND ROUND http://pickeringpost.com/story/-/6523

Great question. 👍

You mean she has stamina???

Ivanna should get the credit, not Donald.

It was a wasted question.

This questioner should be president.

Sniff

So she DOES have the stamina!

Hillary's comments on her rapist husband: (silence)

Ugh....

At least it ended on a civil note

Well, that was sweet.

what a stupid question this was

Trump won.

He wins. THAT GUYS WINS

Hillary belongs in jail

She is laying a lot and do nothing 😂😂😂😂

I appreciate this



The man who asked that question is on Team Instinct

gary johnson and Jill stein won this debate

Best moment ever!

I LOVED this question!

Best possible end .

I like the snl skit better.

Yay! Awww. play nice guys.

This was so weird

Best part about the debate

Vote for madam Hillary Clinton 2016!!

By far the best question ever!

HILLARY CLINTON 2016!

Kumbaya My Lord Kumbaya

Clinton = House of Cards

pretty dull night

I want to give that dude a high five

Buuuuuull shhhhhhhiiiiit

Fantastic question

Kyle Young she made thT same face as she did in that vine

#ForaTemer

#climatesilence is real

I would like to FAT check both candidates.

Only question Trump actually answered tonight

wonderful ending question

Best part of the debate for me.

Tom McAdam did u watch the second debate?

#karlbecker2020 lol

Because their the same...special interests owned

"tremendous hate" ;)

Never understood hate on Trump

A glimpse of their humanity. I love it.

Love fest!

That was a good question

lol, Hillary got rekt

The way he used fear tactics before said he doesn't agree with her  and that she doesn't quit. Basically, he used the opportunity to try to scare people.

What a great question

https://youtu.be/wbkS26PX4rc

Best part of the debate!

the best moment in the debate

He was much more generous than her!

Sana Khan best part of the night

Janice Shin this was the question

Thank you 😊

Good good

#ImVotingForJillBecause <3

Hey Carl Becker / you were name checked!

Trump ! US !

Chris awwww 😆😆😆😆

well said!

Bahar Ostadan ALMOST THE QUESTION YOU WANTED

Fiona Ashley the ending question

Trump supporters the   ones he loves his words the stupid ignorant Poorly educated trump supporters  I love them they fall for what ever I do and say ..the one time  I  agreed with him..

👏👏👏👏👏🔝🔝

Robert Rajecki can't wait for tonightt

And I agree..  this Wil b the funniest debate chapter for the history books of United States.it's really unbelievable that the most powerful country in the world couldn't find a presidential nominee with minimum qualities or eligibility from 300+ millions.. GOD BLESS YOU AMERICA🇺🇸🇺🇸....

Thank life for not being born in the United States.

😂

Phuong Minh đối nhau từng câu từng chữ luôn chú ạ

I am in love with the man who asked that question.  : )  Thanks for introducing some civility.  Best answer either of them gave the whole night.

I wonder how this great country got to this stage.

What do you mean by name checked?

At least it ended on a positive note...

are they though?

I

👍❤❤❤❤🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀

Trump did not answer ONE question. Not one. Every single time, he turned it into an attack against Hillary. Deplorable..

Youlim Song lolz

Barry Neatby 😂🤔

Did Trump just say Russia is "new" in terms of nuclear?

Boris Alexander my fav part.

Diana Garcia Calderón

Louise Araujo

Michelle here.

Ship it Alisha Guarino

Here Jannine Bunn

Octavio Pimenta Reis Neto assistindo?

This was a very cordial ending!   Both are to be complimented on their responses.

Trump gave a wonderful and thoughtful answer.  Very gentlemanly of him.

This is the best candidate American has to offer.  Jesus take the wheel we are in trouble...

how it actually ended: in a victory for donald trump.  dont forget that part.

At the last debate he said she had no stamina.  Which is it?

Modiators seemed a little bias.  We know one was for sure. He worked for clinton foundation and he works for CNN who we know supports HILLIAR. Hilliar was given much more leadway on her time. Audiance seemed to be hand picked and given the questions to ask. Questions seemed to be written on the same paper. And I see that a stool was provided and used alot by HILLIAR and not by Trump.

Glad we know he is human  and she is human with less than impressive ending

Low Coward ""even from Trump!!!  Coward brings in 5 woman (exlover so-called) of Mr.Clinton £ Hillary knew it ! And threaten to jail her £ kept moving too close to her. HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN PUT INJAIL !!! ""**"This is HOW HE TREATHEN ALL WOMAN he RAPES !**Imagine if he can do this 100 million people watching WHAT DOES HE DO - one on one ? I am sure he can Murder !lnsane man , should be Put Away for good

“If you never want to see my face again, elect me President, and I swear to God, I will lock myself in the Oval Office and not come out for four years.  But if you don’t elect me, I will continue to run for President until the day I die.  And I will never die.”

He sounded like he was part of her election team.  haha

not voting for these clowns! these 2 are the real evil clowns that are out here!  Jill Stein baby!!    the green team!!

That was an important question?  Give me a break what a joke

James Laura

A brief moment of civility.  A nice change.

Yes !  Trump himself pointed out why she needs to be the president ... She does fight hard, and she doesn’t quit, and she doesn’t give up. And I consider that to be a very good trait."

Cecilia Tran

You've Been Trumped Too

Angela Kramer Fitzmorris

Erin Henry

Rachael

Johnny Kranenberg

Bea Carandang

Ziad Shehadeh

Benjamin

Thomas

Troy Dunston

Troy Dunston

Nguyen Tran Huy

Gary Johnson

Juan Pablo Garza Varela

Tatiana Dy

Kristen Conniff-Rafalko

Brittney Nicole

Taylor Sharp

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6I1-r1YgK9I

Max Lerner

Ale Muñoz

Matheus Farias

Luiz Felipe Campos

Neera Jain

Reasons to vote trump: 

Truth: http://www.25logicalreasonstovotefordonaldtrump.com/

Morgan

Ron Simpson

President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko with the judges of the Ukrainian-KRRUPTSIONERY bribe-takers, the Prosecutor General of Ukraine Yuriy Lutsenko, Minister of Internal Affairs, Arsen Avakov Ukraine, Chairman of the Security Service of Ukraine Vasyl Hrycak bribe taker-KRRUPTSIONERY. September 29, 2016.
Kyiv Appeal Administrative Court (Ukraine)
- Presiding Judge (Judge-Rapporteur), Vladimir Kuzmenko
-Sostav Board 1.- Shkurko AI
                               2.- Vasilenko YM
-Changed: -Stepanyuk AG
Forced absence. The trial lasts dvanadtsat consecutive years. Any decision of the European Court-№ 48896/06 of February 13, 2007, № 52816/08 dated 26 August of 2013.
https://youtu.be/pG3HIqkJYpM?list=UUGtr3PzKkkOGuUVLhNMgzfA

Arthur Perez

Anthony

https://memegenerator.net/Good-Guy-Carl-2k16

HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY HILLARY for President 2016!!!!!

Tae Josh Kim, JunSik Steve Yoon lol

Patrick Charapata

Mariana  woooow

Israel Moura

http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/gossip/confidential/ivana-trump-raised-donald-kids-article-1.2820457