Really, ladies? You think the best way to paint yourselves as victims is to sit next to a sexual predator?

We were raped by Bill Clinton and because of that we don't want you to support his wife, instead support an actual rapist!

It's disrespectful that CNN allowed him to host a reality show and showcase those women like they were reality show contestants instead of victims.

Has any woman made allegations of sexual misconduct against the Clinton who is running for office now?

Anderson Cooper: "You said you sexually assaulted a woman, do you understand that?"

Trump: "ISIS!!"

His Supporters and those women: "Hell yeah! He respects women! See?!?" 

Amazing. Lol smh. Simply incredible.

Paula Jones, the lady he called "a loser" back in 98? Oh thats right. His words dont matter. But everyone else is accountable for what they say. He was over 50 when he said his garbage on tape. What age do we start holding you accountable?!

How dare Hillary force Bill to cheat on her and possibly abuse other women like that? Everyone knows the adulterer is never the guilty one. Must be her fault somehow. Maybe he ran out of clean socks?

I don't know what happened with these women, but they're accusing and Trump is on tape (and in his books) saying in his own words what he's done. If they have a case against Bill Clinton, the courts are the place for it, not a press conference.

Of all times he could have USED these 4 women. He decides to USE/BUY them now. An hour before the debate only to try to look like a caring for women type of guy to stop the smear train of his name. Yet, knowing that he is a filthy rich womanizer that thinks/ believes he can do/say anything he wants to any girl of beauty. From groping to making out with. And he cannot help it it is just what he does and they, the females allow it because he is a star! PATHETIC!

The contempt and loathing this man has of decency and the people of the United States is only outstripped by those around the world who stand amazed and appalled how cynical, manipulative and self-serving this man is. Words fail. How did it come to this?

Wait... Is that his election version of the Apprentice??? This has to be a joke. Using women who consensually slept with Bill against another woman aka Hillary as an excuse for sexually assaulting other women? FYI Trump: BILL CLINTON IS NOT RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT.

Trump is classless in everything he does and says
He is a despicable human being,
Not believable, not trustworthy and is not fit to be our president

I didn't know Bill Clinton was running for a third term. To excuse your own transgressions by bringing up someone else's is what a 5 year old does. Are we down to a President responding to things saying well "he did it first" come on wake up. Trump is a joke

These women who were once victims have been victimized once again...by another sexual predator. They're voting for this one.

These women are willingly supporting a man who is accused of raping a 13 year old...that makes him both a rapist and a paedophile if convicted.  Not saying Bill is a saint, but he's not the one running for office either, his wife is.

Women who claim they have been victims of sexual assault sitting on a panel with a man who has just been caught on tape describing how he sexually assaults women. My only question to these women is....how much did Trump pay you?

Even if it's true, Trump is blatantly using them for his own political means to try to say, essentially, that "See, he did it too! That makes it ok"

Stupidest thing ever!!  After what was revealed what he said? And these women sit next to the very type of man they said abused them? So many types of wrong. {{{facepalm}}}

Trump never answered a question with sound and clear argument. He demonstrated again lack of control, he acted like an animal in a cage. And Hillary? She does not quits. Hillary 100%

But lets ignore that he is currently being sued for raping a 13 year old.

Trump used these women just goes to prove the point that he has no respect for women! He only sees their use in as far as it benefits his agenda! And the fact that Hillary didn't dignify his attacks about Bill Clinton with any answers which was Trump's intent just show how selfish and self centered he is. I feel sorry for these women, really.

That press conference is the lowest thing I have seen in politics yet.  To my knowledge Hillary is running for President not Bill.  I am just so disappointed and embarrassed that we have a school yard bully running for President.

If I was one of this woman, I wouldn't allow this circus clown to use me as a pond or parade me as an elephant. They don't deserve any sympathy or respect.

I see no point in re-litigating Bill Clinton's administration. He isn't running for president, and these allegations all resulted in nothing. Hillary is running. Get back to me when she's accused of sexual assault.

Just how do women who were sexually assaulted sit with and join a man who has sexually assaulted women?! 
They must have been bought. Its so bizarre.

The fact that they sat there with Donald Trump pretty much discredits anything they had to say. Whether he did those things or didn't do those things becomes irrelevant in light of the child predator and mysogynist they chose to support.

How stupid. But, we shouldn't be surprised anymore about this clown trying to save himself from more embarrassments to come! It's HILLARY CLINTON you are running against, for the millionth time!

I fully support any woman who says that have experience sexual assault and their choices. However, I cannot condone the dog and pony show trump has concocted to try and overshadow his own sexual misdeeds and degrading attitude towards woman. Survivors are not sideshows for you to parade around and throw shade at your rival in an attempt to hold her responsible for her husbands actions.

Unproven accusations. No prosecutor agreed. In decades. Grand Inquisitor Ken Starr couldn't find it. Gingrich's R House couldn't find it. And it will backfire - lose more votes than it gains. TRUMPnyt thinks the accusations are "fit to" rehash one more time though.

Hillary never laughed about it, if she would along with other people stop looking at :15 clips you'd all know that. And yes, a defense lawyers job is to defend, not agree with their client, but to make sure they get a fair trial. Which also benefits the victim bc if they get a fair trial it is less likely they will get an appeal.

Trump is revengeful, spiteful and was looking to get even with his critics. No matter who they are; miss world or anonymous who leaked a video tape or tax returns. He is employing scorching earth policy.

The meaning of Lady: A woman of high social standing or refinement, especially when viewed as dignified or well-mannered. Those women went too low.

Trump and those women are dogs!!!  Hillary did NOT deserve having them paraded at the debate.  She was the victim of Bill's escapades that was over killed and he was punished back when.  She was the victim again tonight.  My heart went out to her.

Trump secretly brought these " unattractive" women ( as he said) to the debate with hope to accuse Bill but not sincerely apologize to American people . He probably told his wife" it's me, how I am, you can leave if you can't take it "

This is proof that Trump cares only about Trump. He will waste America's money in order to prove that he is Right.T o bring these women back into public consciousness was a waste of time. It was a stupid move and an embarrassment. These women just made themselves look worse than they did the first time around. Nice going ladies.

Is Bill running for President? Because if he is, I'll vote for him. We had a budget surplus and a Congress that managed to work together when he was President.

Maybe you can also write a brief guide as to why on Earth these women would choose to appear next to a man who we have all heard bragging and laughing about getting away with sexually assaulting women because of his "star" status.

wow it took you ladies so long to come out and talk even though Bill Clinton is not running for president.why the hell you were all quite when Bill run for president .and he won both times.you  ladies are joining gang with real rapist

ME: "Hi, I would like to order a big, fat beautiful wall, 4 bald eagle eggs sunny side up, with some freedom and #winning on the side, and a large red, white and blue, please hold the lies and corruption."
WAITER: "You mean the Donald J. Trump?"
ME: *tears welling up*-- "I'll take two. You can keep the hope and change."

Could Paula Jones disguise herself any more?  Sweatshirt hat covering her face and she didn't stay....although I'm sure they were paid and their transportation paid for they were truly victims last night by Donald Trump. If he did care he would not be sitting in the middle of them and this would have come up sooner---not as revenge for the tape that was released.

The fact that the republican candidate for president felt this was the most important way to spend his time before one of the most important public opportunities of his candidacy says everything a voter need to know

For the love of god and our country, Bill Clinton is NOT running for president. Hillary Clinton is. His past has nothing to do with her qualifications for president. Enough already. 
Stick to the facts at hand. Trump is a sexist pig, perv, and bully.  No man has the right to touch a woman without her consent. 'locker room talk' is NO excuse. 
Billy Bush lost his job and Trump should lose his nomination slot. Sexual assault is no joke.

Oh for the love of God these tired women from 30 years ago who wanted money and attention then???? Get a job to support yourself instead of being a professional victim.  Just because they played slap and tickle with bill Clinton doesn't make you that special

Everyone seems to be forgetting something very basic: the difficulty that President Clinton caused during his prosecution was not because he had extramarital affairs. The trouble came in his dishonesty under oath. Perhaps that is overlooked as many of the voters in this cycle weren't of age and haven't been educated about the censure.

I don't usually say this, but why are you even covering this NYT? Bill Clinton is not running for president. So irrelevant and plays right into what trump is trying to do.

Alleged rape victims, voting for a man who said he sexually assaults women...because he can. I got nothing.

I really don't know why Trump would stoop to this level but I can say I think it hurt him rather than helped him. As far as the 12 yr old rape case-Clinton was a public defender assigned to the case, it was her job to defend the accused.

Those women are being used by a sorry representative of the human race. I don't believe in their judgement. Women who stand with Donald Trump make me auestion their integrity and intelligence.

Oh just wait until you are confronted with this reality. As a woman whose husband cheated on her. . . It cuts to your deepest part. And your response is not as scripted as you might predict.

I am sorry if this happened to theses won however, Bill Clinton is not running for President...

An interesting fact, one of those women, under oath, said it didn't happen. Plus her husband said she was lying. Another was the rape victim which Hilary was required to defend by law.

Only an unscrupulous bully would do such a thing before a national debate for the highest office in the land.  Words cannot express how despicable this man is.  He is toxic

Sry. I'm confused. Is Bill Clinton still running campaign this time?

Is Bill Clinton running for president? Oh wait no! He did that already. He also served as president already and was tried for his transgressions already. Why is Hillary, who is the one running for president, being subjected to this nonsense based on what her husband did? If this is the measuring stick by which the presidential candidate should be judged, then Trump should be held accountable for his wife's nude posing, her lies about college and her blatant plagiarism of another person's speech. You ppl are pathetic and very simple in your reasoning. Very, very simple! Almost vegetable-like in your thinking!

Wow let me get this straight- women who were allegedly sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton are standing up to support another man who has mutilple allegations of sexual assault???  These women should be ashamed of themselves. How can someone who has been a victim of something so painful stand up for a person who has inflicted that same pain or worse onto someone else?? Why not rise up and support those victims of Trump's instead of sitting next to him to legitimize his actions?. What reality did i just walk into?!?! In my opinion this makes those women look really shady.

I love how everyone on the thread just wants to dismiss the importance or legitimacy of the rape victims stories because of the fact that they are coming out against the Clinton's. The politics shouldn't matter, but the actions should. Whether or not they support Trump doesn't justify minimizing their horrible encounter with someone who actually raped them.

So is this Trump's best defense? Another insult to women, Hillary is irrelevant only in the shadow of her husband? Get it Trump, Hillary Clinton is the person running, not her husband!!!

Well his reaction is overreaction. But he has one point... the hipocracy of americans who blame him for the words but dont the clinton for his deeds. Trump forgets just one beautiful thing about his christian great voters... they have mercy and forgive. If only he had continued with little bit of guilty feeling. He is to proud though. It is not good for he politic not be able to admit his mistake. Great material for dictator he is. He overestimated his connection with businesss and corps. The wrong lobbies... the nation is not voting anymore and this means he can not rely on human opinions anymore. It is marketing . He failed playing the wrong kind of magic. Hipocracy of hillary wins. And she is using her naive husband again....

The Donald is such a classy guy. Obviously Hillary is to blame for Bill's misconduct. She is not supposed to stand up for her husband, or her marriage either. And God forbid that she would try to be effective when appointed to by the Court to defend someone accused of a crime. This is the same as a The Donald's vocation for degrading women, isn't it?

Talk about apples and oranges. Bill isn't running for President -Hillary is and I haven't heard her assaulting women or trying to grope them. That's what you do Donald. You're the pig. You are making a mockery of our political system. Crawl back under your rock already. You are despicable

Great for giving him all this desired attention and analysis, NYT. This was such a cheap, skunky move on Trump's part. Clinton could probably fill a stadium with all the women with allegations against Trump---but she won't do that because she has a basic sense of decorum and decency.

Even those women are endorsing sexual harassment. They are white women, they have great favour over black women in such cases, then why Mr Clinton was-not tried and and sent to Jail! Now you clearly see that your laws are not worth the paper they are written on.

Ah, wasn't Trump also accused of raping a business partner, raping a 13 year old, and raping his ex-wife, and didn't he also make some settlements.... WTH! Let's line them up all up at the next debate. Better book a huge venue!!!

LOL. He respects woman? I doubt that. He even has no respect to Hillary, who such a great woman with a right vision about things ( even she is his competitor )

Hmmm why did Bill pay $850000 for no reason! Why did his wife stand by him even though he did something worth $850000....and no remorse or apologies. Something smells fishy in this story

Hmm, maybe I won't vote for Bill Clinton this election...

I'm in my senior year studying to be a victim advocate. I do not claim to be an "expert." I do support a victim's right to deal with the trauma in many different ways. However, I would like to point out, a sexual assault victim siding with Trump came across as a victim of rape siding with a child abuser saying well abusing that child is not as bad as my rape. A victim is a victim is a victim period. Those not seeking their fifteen minutes of fame would speak out today saying, "rape culture was a part of our society then, and it's obviously still a part of our culture. I cannot support any candidate who further normalize this huge defect in our society." I do not condone Bill's behavior, I refuse to acknowledge Trumps ability to lead our society in any way, and as a women who has been cheated on, I refuse to blame the wife for her husband's actions!

Instead of underlining what they will do for the country and its citizens if elected to the office, the candidates have aligned with an altogether different political plan - degrade the other party! Need a new vote option - "none of the above".

These women could have found many, many other ways to be advocates and models for victims of sexual abuse. Instead, they chose to tie themselves to the guy who picks up the towels in the men's locker room.

But  Bill is not the president anymore, and he's not running for the presidency either, so what's the point. On the other hand Trump talks like a rapist, and he's running for the presidancy.  Guess what he's gonna do with all the women in the white house.

Trump raped A 13-year-old girl and he's going in   I debate trying to put down Hillary and just rubbing it in her face what her husband did he has no feelings just cares about the game

Wonder how much they were paid. He is so desperate. I pray he goes back to wherever he came from and STAYS!

Its his accusation that Hilary is an 'enabler' that is key.  It also makes many women (including my mother) say...if she couldn't control her husband, how could she run the country?'

I'm surprised that these women would allow themselves to be used in this manner and for this person.

and you are entertaining his ridiculousnees, why? way to feed into his insanity  and megalomania nyt.

I had hoped that Hillary might start the debate by handing Trump a box of Orange Tic Tacs so that he would know from the outset that he’s not fooling anyone. I didn’t get my wish, but NYT Readers can make it come true.
Please mail 1 box of Orange Tic Tacs to:
Donald J. Trump
Trump Towers 
725 5th Ave, 
New York, NY 10022

The same women who want to vote for Hillary - for women - for their rights and protections - regardless of the platform - these are 4 women -- claiming the same thing - over different decades - and you are disregarding them - ok so using trump for a platform seems distasteful- but it's the only platform they get and the POTUS position is at stake - where is justice ? Where is women protecting those of predators regardless of politics? I'm dismayed at this

Hillary should have invited 3 of Trumps former general contractors!

NYTimes.....are you kidding??? You legitimize this kind of diversion and publicity stunt by helping Trump qualify this??? I'm cancelling my subscription immediately.

It's like a black hole to infinity in how low this campaign has been taken by this demagogue, just a completely fowl and disgusting individual.

CNN is only pandering this foolishness for ratings. They are just as bad as the Orange Jack-O-Latern idiot. I am willing to bet Halloween that the Orange Jack-O-Lantern idiot paid these women.

you hitch your wagon to a guy trying to recover from his own admission of treating women like dirt and we are supose to feel for you and your situation? I wonder what donald offered you or more likely threatened you with

I guess Bill Clinton IS kind of the feminist's rapist. Trump goes for flashy blondes, but Clinton rapes quiet, frumpy civil servants who'd normally expect to be raped by much less important men. Instead of somebody at the DMV or a loan appraiser from the bank, they got raped by an Attorney General or Governor or President. Which I guess was kind of a feather in their cap. Or at least to hear Clinton's propaganda machine spin it.

Because just like a 5 year old Donald trumps excuse for anything he has done is ...."it wasn't just me" or "it's not fair!"

Honestly what the Donald have said is just a microcosm of what is really wrong with our society as a whole... almost all pop culture music denigrates women... from explicitly showing women being groped in music videos to basically praising women that twerk half naked... Let's be honest... What the Donald said is pretty tame compared to what our society actually deems appropriate... The sexualization of women is pretty much spoon fed to our youth and no one seems to think that maybe that is a bigger issue than what a oompa loompa said 10 years ago...I don't like our next President to have that type of language in his vocabulary but wouldn't it just be fitting if he did???

This is the most disrespectful thing I have ever heard of. Does Trump actually think that he is going to get votes by throwing the things Bill Clinton did to Hilary in people's faces? He is the schoolyard bully and someone on the RNC needs to grow a pair and use them!!

This looks like courtroom trial and trump the liar as judge what a shame i thought we were having an election for president. Who knows there might not be an election at all.

Maybe Hillary should get together a panel of people who've been cheated out of their rightful earnings by Trump. How big would that room be?

You are rather chouvinistic; why you atack Hillary? She is not Bill. In addition Trump is big liar. For you the big problem is that the candidate is a woman. So bad!!

DONALD TRUMP WILL LEARN SOMEDAY THAT THERE ARE THINGS MONEY CAN'T BUY ):

So let me get their straight... Hillary defended a child rapist, had people killed in Benghazi, deleted 33k emails on a private server, systematically created and armed ISIS, had 6 billion dollars unaccounted for as Secretary of State. And the media doesn't care. Donald Trump said something 11 years ago in a "locker room conversation" and the media is now going crazy. The hypocrisy is astounding!
#AmericaStandsWithTrump #TrumpPence2016

If I were one of these women, I would just feel used for someone else's purposes all over again. He's not trying to help these women.  Their pain was convenient for him.

The so called press conference bit was inappropriate & highly offensive 2 women❗️ the venue 4 these accusations should b a courtroom🇺🇸

"The problems with Mrs. Broaddrick's accusation are obvious... Mrs. Broaddrick denied the encounter in an affidavit in January 1998 in the Paula Jones case, in which she was known only as ''Jane Doe No. 5.'' Through all those years, she refused to come forward. When pressed by the Jones lawyers, she denied the allegation.”   http://www.nytimes.com/1999/02/24/us/on-tortuous-route-sexual-assault-accusation-against-clinton-resurfaces.html?smid=fb-nytimes&smtyp=cur

Google their stories, they are all pitiful people.... Anyone willing to bet on what he said behind their backs? Oh wait, its already on tape.... google that too....

Democrats can not be trusted. The recording of Trump 10 yrs ago in a private conversation, without his knowledge that he was being recorded, clearly in jest and purposefully made public is a form of character assassination. As if democrats like clinton are people of good character. Lol

poor women being used like that!
think this is the lowest point for trump so far! esp when he called bill the victim & said terrible things about them before #Deplorable

I hope everyone has seen the video of what Donald said about these women and Bill Clinton back in 1998. #nevertrump

Trump brought the Women because he got caught saying disgusting things... Dirty Old Man. I have no clue about these accusations. If they had a case they could of taken Bill to Court. Even just a Civil Court.  Juanita Broaddrick articles below:

1) 
http://articles.latimes.com/1999/feb/26/local/me-11829

2) 
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/politics/special/clinton/stories/affidavit122398.htm

These women are tools. He's got zero decency.. Shocker, I know.

This was a display of Donald's true ugly , dark soul.... he is the ugly American and a complete embarrassment to this nation. Down with Trump👎

Donald trump used victims as pieces of property. Great move scumbag

The diversion tactic didn't even work. Trump may have money, but he'll always be a loser.

Wow, what a way for him to deflect from his own sexual predator behavior. Bill Clinton isn't running for office. Yep, it's all Hillary's fault. But Trump's behavior is which of his wive's fault? Right. Interestingly Trump said all kinds of nasty things about Paula Jones in the past, now he's using her. Trump has to go lower than low rather than apologize for his own nasty behavior. Huh? Don't support Hillary? Support me...another sexual predator. Makes sense! The way he deflected to ISIS when asked that question tonight said it all...like what's his bad behavior of assaulting women then gleefully boasting about in comparison to the horrors of ISIS?!

I love how every time someone want's to accuse him of something like this all he does is refer to Bill Clinton because "that's who he is running against right"?

Donald Trump in 1998: Bill Clinton Is a ‘Victim’ of ‘Unattractive’ Women thebea.st/1SXJqPz

Really, and where is the 13 year old mr. Trump? You know who im talking about.

Why haven't they taken criminal or civil proceedings against Clinton? Why are they siding with a pervert like Trump? What has Bill Clinton got to do with the election? It's Hillary Clinton who's the candidate. Should a woman be punished for the acts of her husband? Very middle eastern! America is f#*ked!

'He grabbed me:' Woman alleges Trump groped her exactly as described on tape

Jill Harth, a pageant owner trying to work with Trump in the mid-1990s, filed suit against him in federal court in Manhattan in 1997, describing a “relentless” campaign of sexual harassment and assault including an incident in which he reached under a table, put his hands on her thighs and grabbed her “intimate private parts” during a meeting at a New York restaurant.

http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-words-echo-womans-allegations-507763

If these women were truly victims of sexual assault, would they let this man - an alleged womanizer at best - use them for his own political agenda? Seriously? I mean we all heard the tape right? They actually stand by that kind of "locker room talk" ??? Any shred of doubt one might have had about them telling the truth has vanished right then and there! Oh and one more thing, HILLARY is the one whose name is on the ballot, not her husband!

This man is pathetic but even more pathetic are the comments that I read on my wall supporting him. Now granted I have to process what  I am reading because I am in McCrory land.... But still, hopefully they will open their eyes....

They lost any possibility of credibility when they backed Trump.

A little desperate unearthing accusations against someone who isn't running, isn't it? If Bill Clinton was such a predator these alleged victims had opportunity much earlier to find redress. Now they're just sad props in a major opporuntist's sideshow.

Donald Trump filed bankruptcy
 6 times. Any jobs he created were lost when he filed bankruptcy. That he doesn't mention. How is protecting himself while thousands of hard working people are laid off good business?

DIVERSIONS ABOUT BILL CLINTON, the non-candidate (& good friend of Donald's whom he invited to his wedding(s) & golfed with...interesting....Is Donald JEALOUS that Bill's wife went to counseling with him & stayed married - whereas he had 2/3 failed marriages b/c of his adultery & relentless womanizing?

Two people are running for president:  a man accused of sexual assault who denigrates women, and a woman who's been the victim of her husband's repeated infidelities. That's it, kids.

NYTimes -- Why are offering a guide to each woman's accusations when they are simply being used as Trump's latest distraction strategy and  offer nothing of meaning or substance to this election?

Divert, distract, misdirect.... tactics that only work on fools. He is exciting his core, but losing those he needs to win.

Thank you Trump for pointing out Bill Clintons problems. I will make a note of it and never vote for him again. Nor any other sexual predator.

What's more dangerous and disgusting ..Even more disturbing...Trump women are fanatical cult followers like Manson women...creepy...very damaged women, psychologically unsound and unstableWomen can be sociopaths and psychopaths and Racists and white supremacists and bigots too...these are the Trump Cult.Women can be sociopaths and psychopaths and Racists and white supremacists and bigots too...these are the Trump Cult.

Huh!! Is Bill running for president?? Nope, Hillary is... And I don't hear her speak about Trump's family and their personal lives and follies... 
What a lowlife!!

Why would these women appear with a man who engages in the same behavior they are accusing President Clinton of?

So to all the "feminists" out there who pretend to care about empowering women: Are these women and the other   19 who have accused this degenerate couple of assaulting them, are they ALL liars?

He's rehearsing for his new reality show!!!!!

When Trump tries to excuse himself by bringing up Bill Clinton, does he mean he's volunteering to be impeached?

Bill Clinton is not running for office! This is just one of Trump's many tactics to divert attention away from the fact that he is not qualified to be president!

What a joke of a man. He has nothing of substance to offer.

With the money he spent to transport these women and have them speak last night, you would think he would give Paula Jones money to dress in something more legit than Victoria Secret's PINK line.

disgusting excuse for a presidential candidate.  When will the press stop playing into his little hands

One word: Deflection

I wonder how much money they were paid to appear with him

Like the reality TV disaster Trump has been all along...

They allow themselves to be pimped out by this man. Wow.

Haha is this Trump worried? Well I hope he actually paid those ladies ..

Just glad to see he kept his hands above the table when sitting near these women. Every caution necessary with pervs...

Next month trump go to court in California for a sexual abuse case.

Hillary could do much worse with Trump's reputation but she's kinda busy planning on what to do about all the issues this country has.

It was disgusting! The last gasp of a dying man! Voting straight blue.

Think Donny will have a sit down with the woman, who claims he raped her when she was 13?

My sense is that these ladies got paid for this.. well maybe not paid YET.. but promised they will be paid.

This idiot is treating our presidential election like a reality show.

SO - all of these women who've supposedly been sexually assaulted are sitting in solidarity with another sexual predator??? Hellllooo???? This is insanity.

Trump is having serious lapses in memory - he's not running against Bill Clinton and he seems completely unaware of this!

Maybe he can't handle running against a woman, so he switched it up it in his mind thinking he's running against Bill Clinton.

Deplorable! Kellyann Conway, who are you running Drumpfs campaign against - Hillary or Bill? Disgusting 😡

I wonder how much he paid them to do that. Because no woman who was sexually assaulted by a president would dare sit next to someone identical.

THIS!! This is precisely why this man is unfit to be our President.

OK number 1 - how do we know these women are stable?  Number 2 - I thought we were considering Hilary Clinton for President.

Really, all she needed to do was let him talk...and talk...and talk.

"The man we're sitting next to brags about sexually assaulting women, but that's none of our business".

And yet ...two days ago Federal Judge Orders Hearing in Donald Trump Rape Lawsuit... http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/federal-judge-orders-hearing-in-donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-case/

That was POWERFUL. The media and Hillary are imploding over some spicy words from 11 years ago- but these sexual assualt victims of Bill and Hillary have faces- and stories of pain and fear. WOW---Trump answered w/ an avalanche of scandal- to an ill advised assault by the media and the Hillary campaign. Well played Mr. Trump- Very Well played.

Like a high school mock trial, but without facts, or any grown ups to help make sense if it!!!

not to excuse Bill CLinton AT ALL, but at least he's not a presidential nominee.....

This it by itself should be considered abuse of victims.

Perpetual man child....he looks desparately pathetic. Those women should be more afraid where he's going to grab them.

Got to hand it to Trump's campaign, using victims for political gain. Tremendous show of respect for women.

If, as these women say, they have been victims, then there are legal steps to take. And, by the way Bill is not running for president.

The bigger story is how Hillary Clinton had attacked and attempted to discredit these victims. Disgusting.

Just because trump was caught on tape which is a good evidence if there is a court proceedings.

Tomorrow he'll be calling them old, fat cows. What a Gentleman

lovers..not victims...BIG difference..let us get our 15 minutes and how much were they paid?

They're ALL deplorables.

Paula Jones, don't speak on camera, your voice is nauseating!!!

This gathering of women with Donald Trump,is SO inappropriate and obviously Trump though this would create a " Bigly" storm ! He is an IDIOT!

Proof that intelligence and class cannot be purchased == Donald.

They were going to get Donald trumps victims to come but there was not enough room

Trump continues his reality tv antics . Have you ever seen such an embarrassing spectacle during a presidential campaign?

It's ironic if not weird for alleged female victims to make Trump their advocate.

Trump does not get it, is this guy too thick or sexist. It is not Mr Clinton he is running against, it is Mrs. Clinton.

They accused Bill Clinton... Was it proven that Mr. Clinton did wrong?

Trump " just said he abuse and rape you them we go to the furniture store" lol

Very scared, huh Trump?? You will try anything! Hillary Clinton is running for President , not Bill!

Hillary was assigned to this case, and requested to be removed from this case. The judge would not remove her. Read the allegations about laughing, she was not laughing at the victim. 
http://www.factcheck.org/2016/06/clintons-1975-rape-case/

I still want to know what Bill Clinton's misdeeds have to do with Hillary Clinton's ability to be president?

How come Hillary says rape victims have the right to be believed, except the ones who accuse Bill?

is it true that trump made a pass at paula jones right after the event?

Cheap theatrics and right wing go low tactics......is this the kind of man we want in the White House.....I vote NO to Trump.

Mrs. Clinton said her 2016 candidacy had grown out of the activist who presented a 12-part plan to advance the cause of women two decades ago in Beijing. STILL TRUE.

http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2015/09/05/20-years-later-hillary-clintons-beijing-speech-on-women-resonates/

So these woman got used again by a sexual predator. They didn't see that he wasn't trying to help them??? He was using them to help himself??? OMG! This is insanity!!!!

I am no longer interested in this story, lived it in real time. Get over it people, let it go.

Ah... the old, "Yeah, but HE started it!" defense. A classic.

Don't they realize he thinks of them as fat pigs? I'm surprised he allowed himself to be on stage with them.

Well, I am sure they were not about to vote for Bill Clinton in next month's election anyway.

I felt incredibly bad for Hillary last night - and for Chelsea and Bill in fact. It must've been so hard, and I salute her dignity and strength.

Let's get Melania up there and try her for immigration violations

Personally I think America needs to find two credible candidates - America can do better than this -- just my  opinion ---

Such poor taste. I'm confused. Isn't Hillary running for president, not Bill.

Bill Clinton isn't running for president...we could easily go after his family and sons...and demand Melania Trump original Visa Paperwork and her history as a escort and prostitution...

He should have invited that 13 year old he raped at a party and his first wife whom he also raped.

I am very proud Hillary took the high road and ignored the three broads! They go low, she went high!

These women may or may not have been victims in the past. But they are most assuredly victims now. :-(

Get used to this if he wins. Call it what it is. Donald Trump's first official Kangaroo Court.

Donald J. Trump
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/flashback-donald-trump-called-bill-clintons-accusers-terrible/story?id=42686582

They look like woman sitting on their porch being nosy to their neighbors of what's going on their lives. 

It's like trump gabbed them somewhere they wanted. And they got paid by him. LOL

NYTimes can you please cover this in an intelligent fashion. I mean having a serial abuser use these women to make a case against someone who is not to blame. is shameful..

DONALD TRUMP IS NOT THE BUSINESSMAN HE CLAIMS TO BE ~ Trump is not a “Genius” when it comes to taxes or business.  

“WHAT KIND OF GENIUS LOSES ALMOST A BILLION DOLLARS IN ONE YEAR”???

“HOW CAN ANYONE LOSE MONEY IN THE CASINO INDUSTRY”?

He is a crook who screwed our Nation and the American People:

Donald the business mogul may not have paid taxes for as many as 18 years after declaring a $916 million loss on his 1995 returns. A New York Times report late Saturday showed how Trump had used byzantine tax laws to cancel out income taxes after his real estate and casino empire nearly collapsed in the early 1990s, and the Times calculated that the resulting deductions may have allowed him to pay no federal income taxes for 18 years. “It’s gnawing on Trump that he could become what he has contempt for, and that is a loser.” The Times, which obtained Trump’s 1995 tax records, reported that Trump may have taken advantage of special rules for real estate investors that legally allowed him to use his $916 million loss to offset $50 million a year in future taxable income for as many as 18 years. “We see Donald Trump is having to defend the fact that he may not have paid taxes for 20 years, which is something most Americans don’t have the option to do,” “Trump is a billion-dollar loser who won’t release his taxes because they’ll expose him as a spoiled, rich brat who lost the millions he inherited from his father,” Reid said. He went on to call Trump “a racist, incompetent failure who managed to lose a billion dollars in a boom year.” 

Trump’s tax plan — which would cut rates for high-income people like him and eliminate the “carried interest” loophole that benefits hedge fund managers, among other things — does not address the rule he may have taken advantage of. He and his campaign have not yet said whether Trump plans to eliminate or change it. Central to Trump’s candidacy has been the idea of him as a successful businessman. Political analysts said the revelation that he declared a nearly $1 billion loss when his real estate company almost collapsed threatens to undercut his credibility in business. “People can look at this little bit of evidence and now question his business acumen,” Elleithee said. Secondly, he said, it is an example of Trump benefitting personally from a system he has railed against. “You’ve got the middle-class people working longer hours for low wages — they pay their taxes, they support their schools, they support their infrastructure, they support the military,” Sanders said. He added, “Trump goes around and says: ‘Hey, I’m worth billions! I’m a successful businessman! And I don’t pay any taxes. But you — you make 15 bucks an hour — you pay the taxes, not me.’” “The looming threat of the tax returns issue has always been that Trump’s refusal to disclose makes it look like he has something to hide and that, ultimately, any disclosure could blow a hole in his appeal to the average taxpayer. Well, the threat has now become a reality. “We are going to make America wealthy again,” Trump said ESPECIALLY ME!!! as he wrapped up another speech.

Sean Sullivan and Robert Costa contributed to this report.

6 Bankruptcies
Tax evasion.  Living off the backs of the poor and middle-class.  Living off those who work hard in this Country and pay their fair share of taxes.  Pay your taxes, but I don’t have to.
Bilking small business owners and stiffing contractors by not paying them what he owed.
Hillary has decades’ worth of her taxes online and actually pays taxes.  Trump doesn’t have any of his taxes online and pays no taxes.  Hillary contributes to our Infrastructure, Trump does not.

RECENT POLL NUMBERS SAY THAT 73% OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT TO SEE TRUMPS TAXES.

79% OF TRUMP’S SUPPORTERS BELIEVE IT’S TRUMP’S CIVIC DUTY TO PAY TAXES.

6 OUT OF 10 BELIEVE TRUMP IS HIDING SOMETHING.

REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT TRUMP IS UNDER AUDIT, HE CAN STILL RELEASE HIS TAXES.

WHAT IS HE HIDING?  TRUMPS SURROGATES, SAY “WHO CARES”?  THE MAJORITY OF AMERICAN PEOPLE CARE!

FORBES:  DONALD TRUMP IS NOT WORTH 10 BILLION, AS HE CLAIMED.  ONLY 3.6 BILLION, MAYBE..?

TRUMP CLAIMS HE IS AN EXPERT ON TAXES.  HE HAS A TEAM OF TAX LAWYERS AND ACCOUNTANTS THAT HANDLE HIS TAXES.

#MafiaDon
#DonTheCon
#CrookedTrump
#TaxEvaderTrump
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#BadBusinessmanTrump
#ReleaseYourTaxReturnsNow

(COPY, SAVE, SHARE, REPOST)!!!

If all the women who have been violated by TRUMP were brought together, you'd need a stadium.

Propaganda conference but at last he lost the debate.

Isn't it strange how such allegations stopped after Clinton was no longer president?

What about the women that Trump admits to sexually assaulting?

Ladies, please go to the legal system. Why is Bill Cosby the only one accountable?

He's like the Star and National Enquirer of politics. So embarrassing. That's who people want as a leader?

Now that it is convenient for him, he cares. He is going to lose interest in these women very soon.

Now that he's pulled that cat out of the bag, is he out of bombs for the next debate?

So pathetic The actual rape victim was accusing someone wlse. Clinton as a public defender  had to defend him. She laughed at the way the law worked, not the girl.

Apparently they missed being in this particular shade of spotlight.

So here I was thinking this is all about ruling the most powerful country in the world. How wrong could I be.

He looks like he's thinking, "I'm sitting here with a three, two dogs and a fat pig".

This is very sad for everyone involved. Not fair to use these women this way. Sad very sad.

He is pathetic and out of touch with voters and reality! Enough of this charlatan, celebrity wanna be!

Yeah because the number one thing you would want to do if you had been violated in the past is align yourself, follow, endorse a misogynist PIG.

You cannot tell me that Bill Clinton would give THESE women the time of day. He wasn't that hard up.

It went really well for him during the debate, didn't it?

Yet they are OK with HIM....who basically admitted that he has sexually assaulted women.  What does THAT say about THEM?????

He must carry the American flag in his back pocket.

Isn't he not supposed to divulge a rape victim's name? What a putz!

All has gone wrong with Trump! Do as I say not as I do is the new norm?

I hope your husband has not and will never runs out of clean socks!

Truly deplorable! Nothing could be more deplorable than this.

Bad call girls...You will regret being CONNED into doing this

I wonder what they were paid, with other people's money.

What a complete jerk! There must be some really horrible things coming out that he is desparetly trying to preempt.

Bill Clinton is not running for President. Bill Clinton is not running for President. Bill Clinton is not running for President. Bill Clinton is not running for President. Bill Clinton is not running for President.

This would have been an extemely poignant moment in the race IF Trump was running against Bill. But he is not, sooo

I really think he thought this would go over way better than it did

Trump has convinced me. I will definitely not vote for Bill Clinton!

Drumpfettes drinking the Kool Aid. Maybe he can hit on them too...they are all there lined up waiting for their chance.

How much money did Trump pay them?
Makes no sense to apologize and point to someone else. What a low move! Super hypocrite and childish

Who cares? Bill isn't running for POTUS.
Drumpf should of had all of his students he screwed $35 k from.

What a circus and how degrading for the office of President. I am disgusted.

CNN has no control who Trump invites. Every candidate gets a certain number of tickets. He. Hose to bring out these women and use them.

And those 3 women were among the "undecided" attending that "town hall" debate?!

Looks like the desperate last stand of a pathetic loser...

Where's a guide to the women who accused Trump of rape and/or pedophilia?

I think they're confessing because he grab them by the pu$$¥ and give them tic tacs!!

I wonder how much money they paid them. One of them almost forgot her script

He's a desperate fool. Trying to divert attention from his scumbag actions.

MAYBE AMERITARDS SHOULD GIVE UP ON VOTING AND LET THE MEDIA VOTE FOR THEM

AMERIFATS CAN'T SEE MEDIA BIAS WHEN IT'S RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM

It was a dubious stunt, one that will no doubt in the future be seen as almost surreal in its desperation.

Hey common, why all these comparison between Bill and Trump when the real deal is Hillary vs Trump? Wake up guys!!

How much money changed hands... nothing like stacking the deck you disgusting piece of rubbish

One of whom was paid $2,500 by a Trump supporter to be there.

How can they ignore Trump's words and behaviors IF, IF they really experienced what they claim to have experienced ???

Looks like he had to dig up a few graves to round up those old crones. How low can he go? Rock bottom. Pathetic.

Bunch of idiots it took them this long and what has Donny promised them.... Grandmas go home and take care of you grandkids #foolisholdwomen

Coming to the rescue of a sexual offender! Really! LOL Get into the sewer with the Donald and muck around....

But I thought Hillary was the Presidential Candidate and not Bill🤔 #pointless

How much lower can His standards lower ? typical Nzarcissist, lmao...omg.

So he decided to get some random friends of him to come out and talk about being victims of Bill Clinton? :D Trump you are sad.

It's not about Bill, predator Trump--current events implicate you.

I'd like to see how big of a table you'd need to sit Bill Clinton near all of the women Trump has sexually assaulted

Trump used these women omg ridiculous that they will sit and support this man

What a load of crap trying to deflect the idiocy of Trump

Bill Clinton is not a Candidate for President . He hurt Hillary with his behavior just like Trump has hurt his many wives.

I wonder how much of his tax savings money this cost him for each woman

What a great campaign idea if Trump were running against BILL Clinton.

Trumps creepy behavior at the debate was typical of a sexual predator. What a pervert.

In one breath he's defending his remarks made 11 years ago....yet he wants to bring up all of this AFTER the tape leaked??? Come on

CNN NEEDS TO STOP DONALD TRUMP FROM BUYING AIR TIME ):

he has not changed my opinion of him! These women have No self respect sitting with him

And this is supposed to make Drumpf's behavior acceptable?

They were just abused all over again. Why would they put themselves in that position. I feel sorry for each of them.

I didn't know a former president could run a 3rd term....

He has made these ladies rich by many millions more, and probably used them too. Having fun ladies.

This was fundamentally wrong to parade the women before the media. They were victimized again by Trump tonite.

Trump gave them a taste of their Gold Star War Hero Family Tactic. Funny to me.

Bill Clinton is not running for president.. But he did an excellent job when he was president.

I guess they didn't hear the tape where Trump was talking about how Clinton cldve picked better looking women....

Why did she settle and not go forward and have him  penalized by the law

He looks like an idiot doing this-I'm sure the opposite of what he was hoping for.

Is trump getting his ideas from will Ferrell movies? Maybe his alt plan was to **** Kaine's wife and put it on television.

What has this country come to? We've been reduced to this. Sad.

But if you have suffered an alleged rape by Bill Clinton because you do not have DECLARED before? instead of waiting for years, then what you have DECLARED you did on television broadcasters wire Republican partner wild with pleasure to me a little suspicious of these complaints that always inspired in the countryside ballot box

The women all look like they're being held hostage on his panel.

Cheap low level stuff of little value to a sensible debate about  running the country? I would have thought?

So, these women decided to go from the sexual predator 20 years ago to holding the groping hands of the sexual predator in Trump?

You need a lot of courage and strength to stand in the debate and look at these women faces and still do great. That is why I am with her.

This is such a funny pre-election,  pre-debate cycle....would live to watch the movie once it's made....

What was the prize winning $  ?how much he pay to this 4 ladies lol

https://mic.com/articles/156313/before-donald-trump-appeared-with-bill-clinton-accuser-paula-jones-he-called-her-a-loser?utm_source=policymicTBLR&utm_medium=main&utm_campaign=social#.ScLwpCoGZ

Trump is the absolute certainty that Hillary will win. There is no game.

This from the man that himself is accused of rape? Am I missing something?

I have to laugh...it is Hillary...not Bill who is running for the Presidency......

Donald Trump's attacks on Bill in response to his own controversy DISGUST ME.

either they're complete morons and don't realize that , even if they were raped, this makes it hard for most to believe them. or they are paid and are lying.

I wonder if they were paid to be there. Are they serious about speaking again rape or allowing themselves to be used?

Bill Clinton isn't running for president .. Smoke and mirrors instead of talking ab the issues

Trump nothing will make us change are minds go to hell! We don't want you as are president you have created a hate nation will your comments , behaviors , racist comments... enough Trump

Hope they got their money up front or it will be a cold day in hell before they get paid. Talk about a loser

Ya know, Hillary isn't the one that released that audio tape of Trump. She didn't go in the gutter, but Trump is.

Trump is on video as trashing their looks, and praising and supporting Bill.

This is an historical event - it is the lowest point to which American politics has ever sunk to.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

... I had no idea that Bill Clinton was running against T.

Idiotic...this is a big joke and shame for the nation. Kick him out already!



Why does it so cheap? It looks like a council meeting for a town with less than a thousand residents.

Really, you are sitting with a man than less than 24 hrs. ago described in a video how to sexually attack a woman. They didn't care to be use by trump to try to humiliate Hillary because he is no man enough to win to her fair and square.

I'm no fan of either of the Clintons but this is just tacky in the extreme and smacks of desperation. #VoteJillStein

What a  repulsive discourse this American election has degenerated into!

Wonder how much each got pay off to do this?

Justiceforkatie.com

He is an idiot and they are idiots for participating

Well according to sjw logic accusation=proof so bill must be guilty

Too bad Trump didn't care this much about Bill's behaviour back when he was supporting his campaign

Hes digustingly deplorable

Incredible....Bill Clinton isn't running for President.

That was brillant! Excellent for the world to see!

trump logic: bill did sexually inappropriate stuff. i can say sexually inappropriate stuff without being wrong. (NOTE: doing sexually inappropriate stuff and talking about sexually inappropriate stuff are different but still wrong.

Why didn't Donald add in the woman who said Trump raped her when she was thirteen...?

Why is everyone completely ignoring Hillary and her husband's failings because of how bad Trump is?

How much did he pay them for this? C'mon people wake up... this was to take away the focus on his own predatory abusive degrading to woman ways. He's such a manipulator. Thank God most smart people see through this.

I can't believe this even happened. Trump has taken us all to a new low

https://youtu.be/lKiZn3TClK8 saludos amigos es un gusto poder compartir mi último trabajo musical con ustedes!!! #mrblack593

Trump is the lowest kind of human being anyone could possibly imagine! Wow, just when I thought he hit the rock bottom, he always finds a way to go straight down to hell! Disgusting!

He must first show how good he is and that his life represents a row model for others, then he can talk about someone's elses life

He doesn't seem to understand that he is running against Hillary and not Bill. This was a Desperate act by a loser!

Right when you think he's dug his grave deep enough.. he finds a shovel!

No way is Trump a misogynist,  he just wants to blame a man's affairs on the wife....and who could blame him, lol.

And why is the NYT even talking about this BS about the spouse of the nominee? Pure garbage.

Wow. Once again, if the only defense you have is to attack someone else you know what you did/are is indefensible.

I think we need to help these women. Just think about carrying those scars throughout your life. I'm a male but dam it look at these women. It's just not right. 😥

LOL Once again the Times and their liberal commenters prove that they are supportive of victims - until the victims don't follow their agenda and refuse to remain victims. Same thing with gays - a gay conservative who doesn't want thousands of immigrants imported to murder him/her is not following the rhetoric! How DARE s/he?

Lying old bimbos on parade. How much $$$$ they charge Trump?

Clintons COVERED UP, LIED AND THREATENED ALL THESE WOMEN!!!#WOMENFORTRUMP

You don't have to choose between Bill's principal enabler and Trump.

Oh look the new redo of the Supreme Court Justice!!! He already did it! LOL

Pathetic and so disrespectful to anyone who has actually been raped......Trump is so gross.......

Trump made this a Jerry Springer episode instead of being presidential he became a stalking lurking man. Not acceptable.

I think that the former POTUS has answered these inquiries in the most public of forums. Double jJopardy. Trump is a POS.

What is he sniffing for? Twitter was rocked, and people gave two theories. One, he is on coke, second whenever he lies, he sniffs

this underscores his contempt for due process and rule of law

He tried to side step the issue by talking about ISIS, lmol. Glad Anderson didn't fall for that.

You know things are really bad for Donald that he would sit at a table with women he would consider were threes at best.

I was astonished to find out that Abraham Lincoln taught Hillary how to lie

If there was a chance he could go lower, this is it. Hypocrite!

Trump they got it out for u big-time.u mop the floor with them.great job n thanks that someone like u will lead our country in the right direction.btw those ladies know it was locker room talk .I think they trust him more than they would the Clintons.get a life

All liars who want money. I bet they blow banged Trump before the debate lol

A vote for Trump is a lost vote - he will not become the next president of The United States of America!

It is absolutely paramount that The President of The United States of America is a sane, intelligent, curious, controlled person, who is a reliable, detail-oriented, steadfast, cautious and methodical person without whom organizations and society would dissolve (fall apart). Hillary fits the aforementioned description! 

She is a women, who can keep her cool!

Trump on the other hand is non-reflecting and ruthless character, who lacks emphatic traits under non-sexual circumstances. He is extremely nervous and very emotional driven. He completely lacks self-knowledge! He is little bothered by second thoughts and self-doubt. That doesn't mean he is smart but that he is rather dumb. His knowledge is in general extremely limited. Since he does not reflect on his errors or analyze any mistakes to any great extent - Trump is incapable to learn from his errors, and so he will be caught in a loop, repeating his mistakes, which can have catastrophic consequences for the US, the rest of the world and possible beyond depending on the nature of his actions.

In all fairness in the Vice Presidential debate Tuesday night, October 4, 2016, Mike Pence acted far more "vice presidential" than Tim Kaine, who was rude and insulting as well as he was talking over Mike Pence, who just had to sit there and take it.

HOWEVER, Trump would still do the right thing if he voluntarily steps down from the presidential election campaign. 

Whether he steps down or not he will not be elected as the next President of The United States of America!

What's wrong with these women that they would subject themselves to this circus?

Brilliant move for Mr Trump. Bill's eyes told a story. Ol Hilly had NO defense. That rape victim ol Hilly laughed at has never gotten an apology.

The New York Times is a government sanctioned propaganda spewing corporate welfare taking corrupted organization. Has not told the truth about much since before 9/11/2001. Shameful. Never Hillary. Never Trump.

WHORED THEMSELFS OUT TO TRUMP!! WORST EXSAMPLES EVER OF SEXUALAL ASSULT ~ OLD DRIED UP HAGGS

Does this somehow makes how trump has acted better?? Unbelievable ...

If bill Clinton does that to D Trump. It will easily  fill the room up.

I wonder where was the fat beauty contestant sitting? The Clintons suck!!!! Donald J. Trump, ROCKS!!!!!!

This man is a coke head I think,he sniffed all though the debates,he is nuts.

Doesn't anyone think it remarkable that such allegations stopped against Bill Clinton when he wan no longer president?

America is a country of winners and losers...if you are not exceptional there is no place for you except a street corner...help takes weeks in natural disasters govt thinks more about war than welfare

I bet they were paid by his Russian friends. This is a low life guy in a cheap suit.

She will push to destroy the supreme court, increase the propaganda war against Russia to the point we go to WWIII On the wrong side of the battle. Increase immigration by a million Muslims in order to fulfill the Soros directive in order to cause insurrection and economic collapse. Response from citizens to fatwas called by the mosques to go to war will lead to fighting Islam door to door as Germans are coming close to doing. This will lead to implementation of the executive orders Obama has put in place for a federalized police state under United Nations control which is where Obama will probably go next. She will pass TPP which unites with the European trade agreements and agenda 21 and crisis response will lead to single payer under government control finishing up controlling all aspects of our lives. Civil war will lead to death beyond imagination, the Muslim Brotherhood controlled DHS has billions of rounds of ammunition. Patriots are already all over the Homeland security threat list. Most life needs resources will be controlled and used for control. The resistance will be overcome despotism will be the rule and despotism leads blind sheep to accept any shepherd.

WAR STARTS WITH PROPAGANDA.

You are witnessing a huge propaganda machine that is leading us into WWIII. Trump said he wanted to end the endless cycle of wars. Before we went into Iraq General Wesley Clark was told we had plans to go to war with 7 countries including Iraq and Syria. Obama has a working relationship with the Muslim Brotherhood and  Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey. These are  Hillary's Clintons Foundations biggest funders including those who support the European Union inside the Ukraine. The Muslim Brotherhood had meetings with Obama in the Whitehouse and with the Muslim Brotherhood our government took down the Egyptian government replacing it with a Muslim Brotherhood government. The Arab Spring was an Obama Muslim Brotherhood construct to remove non fundamentalist rulers.

General William Boykin, Admiral Lyons, Frank Gaffney assistant director of defense under Reagan, Lt colonel Tony Shaffer, Pulitzer prize winner Seymour Hersh, CIA intelligence specialist Clair Lopez, Andrew McCarthy who prosecuted the blind sheik, all believe that at Benghazi we switched sides on the war on terror and the Muslim Brotherhood has infiltrated every level of our Government. When Lt colonel Tony Shaffer asked the Egyptian Minister of defence what CIA director John Brennan said when he asked him if America will help purge the rest of the Muslim Brotherhood from Egyptian government, the minister said John Brennan laughed in his face. The Egyptian people have distain for Obama, his half brother and Hillary, for working with the Muslim Brotherhood terrorists.

Benghazi was a gun running operation to run weapons from Qatar to Libya and Syria. Non sharia rulers. An operation that would use hard line salifists supported by Saudi Arabia to take down non fundamentalist Muslim rulers in Libya and Syria.  Follow the money from the Clinton Foundation in relationship to the regime changes around the world. Our government and the Clinton Foundation is in collusion for regime change and gun running which has killed tens of thousands maybe more. Hillary cannot be indicted because there is no rule of law right now and the Clinton Foundation can take down the government and start wars. Trump will take down the government that is why Republican establishment and Democrats and the media controlled through the CIA is doing everything they can to make sure he does not become president. He is up against the entire NWO and it will take a miracle for him to become president and do what he needs to do. The brain washing started back in the 60' s with literalism, secular humanism than political correctness to keep you blind. The ego is your worse enemy that is easily used against you with words like conspiracy theory...

Our government, after setting up a huge propaganda machine in which the media controlled by only 6 major groups, is complicit in the NWO objectives first brought out by George Bush senior and is  about to go to war with Russia. Obama is setting it up, if Hillary wins it is assured.

Our government never left the cold world mentality. Syria needs to be taken down in order to have a natural gas pipeline running through Syria under a government controlled by the World Bankers. Very few wars start without World Bank approval. Seymour Hersh believes the sarin gas attack on children in Syria was not done by Assad but part of the propaganda machine for us to go into Syria planned by the State Department, Qatar , Saudi Arabia and Turkey. Multiple sources have proved that the sarin did not even come from Assads supply our sanctions on Syria not known to the public are killing tens of thousands. Collateral damage is being exploded to make it look like Assad is killing his own people. Russia is supporting Christians We are supporting hard line salifists who are cutting their heads off. We are learning more and more through leaks and Judicial FOIA requests about how Obama after receiving intelligence reports about how Al Qaida in Iraq was going to develop, let it develop and supported it through agreements with secondary sources who funded and supplied it as it grew and developed into ISIS. General Flynn validated the FOIA releases proving that Obama's position against Syria led to the purposeful creation of ISIS built from Al Qaida in Iraq so that a force can be established to take down Assad.

Obama admitted to involvement in the Ukraine coup. Before the coup polls showed strong support for Russia and the president who supported Russia. Ambassador Nuland put in place by Hillary, McCain and NATO organized the coup on the Ukrainian president. McCain also illegally entered Syria through Turkey to organize the salifists in Syria.

The Ukrainian president was against the European trade agreements that will unite with TPP and was friendly with Russia so he needed to be removed. With every one if these regime changes comes untold death and destruction.

 NATO, Obama, and the world Bankers wanted offensive weapons against Russia on Ukrainian soil. Russia anticipated this and took the Crimea which is also strongly pro Russian. 

If Russia supports Syria and protects its security interests they are aggressors, when we do it we are defending freedom. A huge propaganda machine has been established to support the narrative. Almost all wars start with propaganda. If we go to war with Russia, our military will be used to support the goals of the NWO while Russia will be fighting against the NWO.

What is right is wrong what is up is down. All the world's a stage. Pray for the soul of America to wake up.

The point is: he grabbed her by the throat during this debate and tore her anus apart. Period.

How is it not relevant state that Hillary was an enabler to Bill's sexual harassment/assaults & made a habit of attacking & blaming the multiple victims when these ladies & more came forth? I'm going to say none of the above with my vote but one 3rd party candidates below. But for people new to her history shouldn't just be getting a sanitized version of who either Hillary or Donald are & his behavior has been very well highlighted. #MoreVoicesInTheDebates

What about these women's rights? You vicious foam at the mouth liberals are just as bad as your character assassinating 'hero'

This is a very joyful day of my life because of the help doctor
Igbala has rendered to me by helping me get my ex back with his
magic spell. i was married for 1years and it was so terrible
because my husband was really cheating on me and was seeking
for a divorce but when i came across doctor igbala email address
(prophetigbala@gmail.com) on the internet i explained my
situation to him and then seek his help but to my greatest surprise
he told me that he will help me with my case and here i am now
celebrating because my husband has change totally for good. he
always want to be by me and can not do anything without my
present. i am really enjoying my marriage, what a great
celebration. i will keep on testifying on the internet because doctor
Igbala is truly a real spell caster. do you need help then contact
doctor igbala

You are rather chouvinistic; why you atack Hillary? She is not Bill. In addition Trump is big liar. For you the big problem is that the candidate is a woman. So bad!!

You are rather chouvinistic; why you atack Hillary? She is not Bill. In addition Trump is big liar. For you the big problem is that the candidate is a woman. So bad!!

Circus

very jerry springer...ugh

BFD

Now let's see the panel of women who accuse trump of same.

This should win over the moderate voters he needs



But he's not running against Bill Clinton...!!!

It's a good thing Bill Clinton is not a candidate.

Billy Clinton is nasty pervert.

Bill Clinton not running for president

This guy just doesn't get it.

typical trump reality tv stuff sad

Bill Clinton is not running for president!

BILL. CLINTON. IS. NOT. RUNNING. FOR. PRESIDENT!

Why does Trump think Bill is running for president?

These poor women, haven't they suffered enough ??

Donald Trump paid them all off.

https://youtu.be/wbkS26PX4rc



Inaccurate. Kathy Shelton did NOT accuse Bill Clinton.

Wonder how much he paid them to do that.

He must be confused which Clinton is running hmmmm

How low can you go? He shows how he does it.

your fired

And he is a gentleman!!!

He is a groprer

What a sorry performance... very presidential.

Bill is not running for president.

You know what Bill Clinton isn't running for president, his wife, Hillary is and this is all the Trump campaign can come up with.  SCUM BUCKETS!  I feel bad that the four women were put on display for DT's benefit -- but guess what, it doesn't work that way!!!

They are both discusting. This country is known by the most amazing  history. I am from other country and I remember been amazed by American History. I was so pround to be in a country that fought to their rights. I was amazed when I learned about all the presidents and no presidents that made this country so powerful. When I went to Washinton, I felt so proud to stand by all those monuments that resemble America history. But, now watching this two transforming a presidential election into a circus, make me feel sorry for USA. Both of them are tossing in the trash all the hard work that all of you have done to keep USA the greatest country. I love USA and I feel like you people don't deserve it. You all deserve to be known by what you have accomplished, not have presidents that symbolize rape, murder or whatever they use to attack each other. Both of them is representing  a nation, like it or not.I think it's cruel and selfish of both parts.

These poor women have no shred of dignity left.  Sexually assaulted by one man and then used as campaign props by another.  Sadly, actual women (the ones called Trump surrogates) are all over TV defending this spectacle claiming it was an effort to "let these women be heard". No, I am sorry it was a despicable use of women's painful stories to humiliate and intimidate another woman.  What have we come to??

🐖

Yesh, he showed up with a handful of his deplorables.  Wonder how much he paid them to show up.  
I know that neither of them had to worry about him groping them...they are over 35 years of age, and minus 0.  Definitely not DT's type!  In fact, he looked uncomfortable sitting between them.

can't believe someone who has been constantly accused of sexual harassment/assault has the nerve to hold a conference like this against the opponent's SPOUSE. one is not liable to their's spouse' behavior under US law.  how ridiculous can this guy be???

What a freaking moron look at him.  The biggest  fraud in the world. He is a sick evil pig.  Best and raped his ex wife  he raped a 13 year old among others.  Want to screw his own daughter. What a hypocrite. He looks like a deplorable moron.

He is deflecting his crimes  to minimize his guilt. All of these events occurred and for better or worse have been settled. As for Hilary defending a rapist, what lawyer hasn't defended a guilty person?  If she didn't do her job no one would hire her, that is how lawyers make $.  Hilary hasn't stooped to say, well that makes me a smart business women, like Trump has said when he got caught not paying taxes.

Trump will go to any lengths to try and take the spotlight off of his misdoings.  He can never just take responsibility for his actions without trying to bring other people down with him.

I don't even get what Donald Trump is doing.  Instead of focusing on the election and campaign, he just goes about talking and criticising how someone sexually assaulted a woman or talking about emails. He is completely down and just trying every desperate means to get his stand back.

Trump's campaign is like watching those tawdry, dreadful TV shows about show biz personalities and their sexual exploits and the tabloid headlines on the check out lines at the grocery store.  I've no interest in viewing or reading the trashy details.

#DesperateandDeplorable

Trump thinks ISIS is a woman.

Did he have some tic tac's in his mouth?

He is disgusting pig!

Mind boggling. Absolutely bereft of empathy or class.

Fools in glass towers should not throw stones.

We should get all the woman he sexual harassed himself

Dear Trump,  Hillary Clinton is running for President,  not Bill.  We know you're desperate to change the subject but it's not gonna work.    Signed,  the American people.

Pathetic

Where was Monica. Only the low life showed up.

P.T. Barnum

Just one word: BIGLY!

One says not the old files?

So many rape apologist it's not fun to to be on the bad side

OMG - how low can he go?

He is grasping!!

Vote blue

And this is relevant to Hillary running for President in what way?

where are the court cases?

Everybody gets paid.
It's election at its best!

And one of those women were paid by Trump

Lying Idiot women! Trash the Lying Insane Lunatic Trash Trump

Will he sit next to his victims so willingly? Just curious.

The thing is . He's not running against Bill , in the first place

He looks like such a tragic figure in that photo.

Trump, you are a strange cookie, You should quit spending time in the litter box looking for junks to sling, is your past excursions with women been when you were not married, this is not about Bill's sexual encounters.  Move into the sand box and use the manners you should have been taught as a youngster, fight fair, no slinging of mud, if you don't want dung thrown at you.

Bill clinton is not running for president!

Donald always surrounds himself with beautiful women

He used these woman and didn't give them a ride home!

Get the board out of your own eye TRUMP!

Desperate orange pig

The "man" is an idiot.

What does that have to do with Hillary? It's semantics.

You should have gone to the police.

They all looking for a check.

That's rich coming from HIM.

It really backfired on him.

Was that an audition for the next Apprentice?

This man is one sick puppy!!

Bill Clinton is not running for president. He is!

How much were they paid.

And again these women are victimized.

Dump Trump

Exploitative stunt

lol..why yall mad??? #liberals #TRUMP2016

you cannot sink any lower, ah, Trump, of course you can

In 20 years, when Donald Jr. decides to run for President, well be hearing how Donald " Little Hands" Sr.  groped them with his tiny little hands shortly after the debate.

This is a circus. He is using these women. Sad!

ho hum. Yawn.

....amazing how DT just keeps going lower and lower and lower....

Trump paid them $3000 a piece to be there.

What a sh-t show.  First debate, Hillary digs up an old beauty queen that Trump was insulting to twenty years ago.  Second debate, Trump parades some of Bills sexual assault victims.  Does anyone know what their plans are for education, environment, etc.?????

remember when CNN milked the monica lewinsky story for all it was worth?  but they wont do that now, cause that story conflicts with their favored candidate, hillary clinton.  isnt politics funny?

So? Bill isn't running for president.... what is your point?

i thought bill clinton is not running for president

What a low life.

Donald is a 🐷🐷🐷

He's an imbecile!!!

Idiots

Can someone tell him he's not running against Bill?

Loser.

So desperate

Bully tactics. Gross

Gravitatas ?

He paid them.

Exploitation!!

On a scale of one to ten how would Donald rate them?

Some people will do anything for money.

They were paid by Trump.



Trump dives into new low every hour. Shame on you.

New low in politics.

This was an epic failure Peter. Your thoughts?

And this supports his candidacy how?

Trash.

Rickrolled, again

...he is such a simple minded person

Well ok then, let us elect another one

Discuss the programs, not on lies!!!

I thought it was Hillary that was running!

Immaterial. Judge Trump on Trump.

Trump is an a--hole and this was a bonehead move.

He's pathetic. Hillary for president.

Thuggery by Trump. I think it turned off a lot of people.

I wonder how much he paid them?

Doesn't he know that harping on Bill Clinton's conduct is just making people feel for Hillary?  Something she's had trouble accomplishing on her own!  Sheesh.

Pathetic.

THIS WAS TACKY AS HELL!!!

Pathetic trick

THE CHEAP BILLIONAIRE

Desparate





To bad Bill is not the one running to be POTUS.

He exploited these women and the whole thing is disgusting.

Hillary went high, when Trump went low low and low.

Sad these women allowed themselves to be used.

They were paid to be there. Sad

Tonight Trump gave the word trash a new meaning.

As a survivor of abuse, trump yields flash backs.

Epic fail!

And... Trump when LOW ... this is very Low,

He looks like a pimp with a bevy of geriatric prostitutes.

I see deplorable people!!!😱😱😱

Bill isn't running

Be careful ladies he might grope you .

Slimy...kabuki 🎭

He probably paid them to show up smh.

OMG let this show have an endining

Irrelevant. This is called desperation.

Makes absolutely no sense for these women to join Trump, and allow him to use them for his own sick purposes.  He is a shameless abuser himself.  Did these women forget what he had to say about them, or the fact that he called Bill Clinton the victim?

What a sleeze

So they let Trump exploit them?

Women supporter against women destroyer

They just got "raped and abused" again.

Hey everyone, look here, not at me .

Pretty tacky Donald...ewwwwwww

Ummmm, isnt Hillary running, not Bill?

Loser! Bigot and racist!

Lucky for us, Bill Clinton isn't running for president

Mr. Trump for women's rights!!!!

Veteran's and small business owners for Trump🗽😎😍💪🗽

These women should be in jail!

Sore loser!

Bill Clinton is not running for President.

Trump paid them all to play victims.

Lowest of the low

how much did he pay them?

Judge, Jury & Executioner.

This man makes me sick.  How is getting a bunch of women making accusation about Bill Clinton make what he does right?  And as far as him saying he was sorry and we have to forgive him how many times has Hillary said she was sorry for the mistakes she has made.  I often wonder what his supporters think he will do for them.

He still lost.

He's got nerve!

All this guy knows to do is exploit women!

Last time I checked, Hillary was running for president, not Bill.

He sure is sorry and embarrassed. How sincere of him. Scum

These women were paid...

Sitting there trying to justify his own words!! What a moron

Cash speaks

Wonder how much he paid them?

Trump is a spoiled child!!

This threw Hillary off her game.

Trump is a complete idiot!!!!

I find it sad to say these women have lain down  with the dog trump. They mist be truly confused and I find no ability to empathize with them when they associate themselves with someone as evil as tump. There were other ways to make their claims--this was not it. It makes me think they have their own agenda for fame and not for justice.

I wonder how much he paid these women to do this???

Bill.Clinton.is.NOT.running.for.President.

Trump's latest devastating earthquake Hillary Atcol Trump Say Trump earthquake

I wonder how much he paid them for the 5seconds of fame ?

Ladies, you have just been used by a pig.

Ha. Ha someone tell him Bill isn't running .

Bring on the dancing bears

How low can he get

Circus circus

Politicians must start going to Jail starting with Hillary

How low can this guy go?

Is Hillary responsible for Bill's discretions?

This literally makes my stomach turn...

And how much did he pay them??????

It probably pains the NYT to run this! They would run it 24/7 if it was a Republican groper

Erm, Bill Clinton isn't standing for office on Nov 8, is he?

Nasty trump

Who were paid to attend

Donald is now playing holy, you are as bad as Bill..

How desperate and idiotic

Another stunt wasted....

Can you say desperate?

BILLS NOT RUNNING

FB will pimp for anyone for cash, shame on you!

What a joke

How much did Trump pay them??

And this guy wants to run our country.

Wow, can you say hypocrite?!!😂😂😂

low class.

And the award for strawman goes to.....

Thats great! The circus goes on...

Copy n paste

how  much were you payed...

how low can you go trumpo

Last time I checked, Hillary, not Bill is running for president.

The nerveeee pig trump🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷

Clinton = House of Cards !!!

Yet they are sitting next to him 😒

Is anyone really surprised by this despicable ploy?

Credibility zero

Donald Trump for jail 2016.

Gossip rag reporting.

Bill Clinton is not the candidate.

Unbelievable

Trump and his stooges...

Bill is NOT running for president....wake up

Such a cheap shot.

Another trump failure!

#garyjohnson

What a moron

How much did he pay them for this?

who cares? is hillary not bill running for president 🙄

No one respects women more than the P grabber.

It didn't help.

Is Bill Clinton running?

Wow... that's a pretty picture

Being used by Donald for his agenda is deplorable!

Bill is not running for President....

What a sideshow!

Trump said Bill Clinton went with ugly women.

Does anyone even question their own opinion these days?

Your an idiot!

vinasha kaley viparit buddhi.

Great moment in political history.

If Trump be come President we all will punish 😰🤕

HILLARY IS RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT NOT BILL!!

How much?

Why only now?

Now he is just more and more desperate.

This is just ridiculous! Lll

TRUMP 2016 LANDSLIDE. PRO LIFE.

Dumb comment

What a disgusting guy he is 😝😝😝😝

What did he pay them?

Sorry, not about Bill Clinton.

#ImWithHer #madamePresident



Why are you covering this?!  It gives the impression that this is both newsworthy and factual when it is neither
  Another free political spot for the despicable Drumpf.

http://cnn.it/2e2Ezep

And no one cared

a true moron...

Trump won that debate without question.

Saoirse, did you see this?

pig

Accused isn't convicted.
Carry on!

So which is it ladies?  I have every sympathy for women who have been assaulted.  But this "champion" of yours is a sexual predator.

ask kathy shelton

Genius move.  And getting the woman who Hillary destroyed at 12  years old and accused of asking for it, and then laughing about getting the 40 year old rapist off was very powerful.

He's not running for president!!

These ladies should  be ashamed  of themselves. ...to get paid to promote a racist, sexual predator, a con artist, and a man that looks at his daughter in a sexual  way...you ladies are disgusting. .I guess money can buy someone morals.  You want to talk about how bad the Clintons are take moment to look in the mirror. ..You ladies are AN EMBARRASSMENT TO OUR GENDER

What a joke! How in the world did we get here? Donald Trump has made a mockery of the office of the President. A sexual predator  sitting there, how much did you ladies get paid? Pathetic.😟

Hillary. Hillary. Hillary. Not Bill.

Disgusting

These women just want media attention

Parhetic, delusional, sick!  A disgrace for democracy.  This man doesn't know that he is running against Hillary not Bill.   Can someone explain that to him?

Go Trump go, dig your own grave deeper!!

These women have bowed to an all new low

Sick

He grabbed them by the pu$$y !!!!

Pot calling kettle.    .
....did no one teach not to throw stones when,you live in a glass house ?  I thought much more of Trump before all this happened.0

Shame on Trump !

🖕

What a disgrace.   Trump is a pathetic piece of work.   Those women have no respect for themselves sitting next to this womanizer.  Disgusting.

No one cares. Bill Clinton is not running for office. Irrelevant.

http://www.social-consciousness.com/2016/08/seven-most-common-signs-a-narcissist-is-trying-to-manipulate-you.html?m=1

$$$$

Mike Radka

And Bill Clinton is NOT RUNNING for President.  Of course, that's invisible to the GOP medieval sexists.

Sorry clinton supporters, yes RAPE is what you are supporting.  vote TRUMP!

I wonder how much Trump paid them?  Terrible. And terrible that CNN agreed to this charade.
Bill Clinton is not running for President. Period.

Bill Clinton is the most infamous sexual predator to have held the title of POTUS.  Bill skipped over words and went right to the actual physical assault.  Hillary persecuted his victims to save the family name but then claims to care about women.  Trump's conversation although crude was no different than those I have heard during a ladies night or Bridal celebration comprised of nothing but women.  The hypocrisy of the left is never-ending.

He constantly uses women in the worst way possible!!  Wonder how much he paid them!!!

Why would he want to exploit these women by having them appear at a "press conference "?   How much money did 
Trump pay these women?

Michelle Obama to Hillary Clinton if you can't run you're own house how can you run this country. https://youtu.be/hgNFBqwt5ws

CROOKED DONALD TRUMP AND THE TRUMP CRIME FAMILY Spent more than a quarter-million dollars from his charitable foundation to settle lawsuits that involved the billionaire’s for-profit businesses, according to interviews and a review of legal documents.

Those cases, which together used $258,000 from Trump’s charity, were among four newly documented expenditures in which Trump may have violated laws against “self-dealing” — which prohibit nonprofit leaders from using charity money to benefit themselves or their businesses.

In one case, from 2007, Trump’s Mar-a-Lago Club faced $120,000 in unpaid fines from the town of Palm Beach, Fla., resulting from a dispute over the size of a flagpole.

In a settlement, Palm Beach agreed to waive those fines — if Trump’s club made a $100,000 donation to a specific charity for veterans. Instead, Trump sent a check from the Donald J. Trump Foundation, a charity funded almost entirely by other people’s money, according to tax records.

In another case, court papers say one of Trump’s golf courses in New York agreed to settle a lawsuit by making a donation to the plaintiff’s chosen charity. A $158,000 donation was made by the Trump Foundation, according to tax records.

According to the report, Trump used Trump Foundation money, that would be money that was donated by other people to his charitable foundation to do charitable stuff, to pay for debts owed by Trump's personal businesses. 

This, however, is in keeping with Trump using Trump Foundation money for a political donation to Florida's Attorney General and to buy a portrait of him for his personal use. These all are covered by the IRS regulations prohibiting "self-dealing" by charitable organizations.

New Information:  Trump asks those who owe him money to send it to his Trump Charity to avoid paying taxes on it.

UPDATE: TRUMP DOES NOT HAVE THE PROPER CERTIFICATION TO SOLICIT OUTSIDE DONORS!  ANYTHING OVER $25,000 REQUIRES AN AUDIT ACCORDING TO THE NEW YORK AG.  UH OH…..

TRUMP PAID $8.2 Million to Family Members/Businesses.  MONEY CAME FROM THOSE WHO CONTRIBUTE TO HIS CAMPAIGN.  (DONORS) 

TRUMP PROFITED $1.8 Million from Taxpayer Funded Secret Service.

TRUMP GETS $2.3 MILLION FROM COMEDY CENTRAL WHICH WENT INTO HIS CHARITY TO AVOID TAXES.  

DONALD TRUMP DOES NOT PAY HIS FAIR SHARE OF TAXES, BUT EXPECTS EVERYONE ELSE TO PAY THEIRS…THE SELF-PROCLAIMED BILLIONAIRE RIPS OFF HIS DONORS AND THE AMERICA PEOPLE….

NEWSWEEK: TRUMP VIOLATES THE CUBAN EMBARGO AND LIES TO CUBAN-AMERICANS IN SOUTH FLORIDA.

TRUMP PAYS NO TAXES AND HASN’T FOR DECADES.  CHEATS THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!  TRUMP CLAIMS HE WANTS TO FIX THE SYSTEM THAT HE HAS FAILED TO CONTRIBUTE TO… ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS, THE POOR AND MIDDLE-CLASS HAVE PAID MORE IN TAXES, THAN TRUMP!!!

TRUMP HASN’T PAID TAXES IN DECADES, BUT HE’S NOT AFRAID OF TELLING YOU NOT TO PAY YOURS!!!

THE 3 PAGES OF THE LEAKED TAX RETURN, CONFIRM TRUMP IS A FAILURE AT BUSINESS.

APPLE DOESN’T FALL FAR FROM THE TREE ~ ERIC TRUMP FUNNELED $1 MILLION FROM THE ERIC TRUMP FOUNDATION, THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO GO TO ST. JUDES KIDS, TO BUILD A GOLF COURSE.

IVANKA TRUMP STEALS ANOTHER MANUFACTURERS SHOE DESIGN AND SELLS AT HER OWN…BUSTED!

TRUMP FOUNDATION SERVED WITH CEASE AND DESIST ORDER!!!

#NeverTrumPutin
#NeverTrumpPence
#TrumpFraud
#CrookedTrump
#TrumpSlushFund
#NoTaxesNoVote
#DonTheCon
#MafiaDon
#ReleaseYourTaxesNow

FOLLOW THE MONEY AND THE PAPERWORK ON TRUMP!!!
#FollowTheMoney #FollowThePaperwork 

(COPY, PASTE, REPOST)!!!

This is misogyny on parade.  Welcome to 'Murika 2016.

A pathetic move by a desperate Trump.  Epic fail.

Why would they choose to revisit the horror for the benefit of of the Donald!  $$$$$$$$$. All the stupidity money can buy!

To all, please do not call Trump a man or a human being.  He's lost that honor
long ago.  He is a creature.   Animals behave better than him.

Debora Faccion vc viu essa?

Jackie Hamilton Flores

It was especially raw that he included a rape victim. Yes, she defended him. It was her job. She tried to get out of this, but her boss wouldn't let her. They wanted a woman on the case. This angers me more than the other three. There are thousands of lawyers all over this country, especially young public defenders, who HAVE TO defend bad people. That shouldn't ever reflect on them. It's the perpetrators Constitutional right to have counsel.  I'm tired of this horrible story being twisted into something sinister. http://www.factcheck.org/2016/06/clintons-1975-rape-case/

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ8hq0hHCDQ

If they were to bring all the women he assaulted and grabbed their kitty.  That room would not be big enough.

Andrea Gomez

Holly Theresa McFarland

Christina Cerza

These women just sold their souls to the very devil-type of man they claim they hate.  They've just been assaulted again, whether they realize it or not.

Gee, in 1999 he called Paula Jones a liar and looser.  Change of heart Donald?

Let's see:  support an old womanizer's wife or support the super-predator Donald Trump.  Is that a choice?

As long as there are low IQ, low-info twits in the USa ... the toxic orange clown will have a following.  As far as the women that still support this tangerine nightmare... I'd go as far as to call them mentally challenged... because there's no other logical explanation.

These women who claim to have been sexually assaulted are on a panel supporting a man who actually admits being a sexual predator.  I'm really confused

What an insult to us assault and rape victims.  Trump, you've hit a new low.

Donnie used those three women lasyy night to shift the spotlight off of himself.  They were

Which rapist will be our next President of the USA ?   World leaders....I don't think so !

Bought and paid for.   He said they asked to be there.  Another lie.   Your cronie paid them to be there.

this race is not about which new york liberal has the  better plan.....its all about which has the worst character......tough choice

Retaliation is such a childish behavior.  It's a sign that one cannot justify their own actions.

Good for him.  She pushed him to do this.  She wanted a dirty fight.  He tried to avoid it.

Not interested.  Is this an episode of Jerry Springer or is it a presidential election?

If he is so sorry, and anyone who really knows him, knows that's not the real Donald Trump,  why do this?.....Is this the real Trump?.....

So unsavory - just using these women.  Gross.

All he does is deflect his own personal wrong doings.  Bill Clinton isn't even running for president.

AND NOW HE RESPECTS WOMEN ??? BY EXPLOITING  THEM I GUESS,,,,WHAT A JOKE

Check their bank accounts.  Maybe they are profiting as campaign expense.

I really am sitting here trying to imagine something that could be more low class.  And, I can't think of a thing.

Un vrai  prédateur  .. (chasseur  de trophées )animaliers et femmes 😈

I smell the scent of desperation from Trump.  Bill Clinton is NOT running for President

They have been revictimized by him.   He couldn't care less about them.   Self-serving  impotent predator.

Trump is disgusting. Plain and simple. This is  how he will make America great? Please.

They should be  ashamed of themselves !  
Hillary is running not Bill .

He exploits these women for his own selfish and evil ends.  This creature's
lack of civility, empathy and decency is
infinite.

Ridiculous. Narcissism meets Narcissism.  Smh. What a joke.

We are not electing a saint. We are electing someone with the guts to take back this country. Over the last 30 years it has been overrun by globalist working with the world Bankers to destroy sovereign nations and borders. Hundreds of thousands have died. We are now on the Brink of World War 3 because of a propaganda war against Russia and Assad. Ukraine did not want to sign onto the European trade agreements, the result was a coup in which the globalist Obama led. There is only one chance to take back this country. You have been lied to on a massive scale. Man's worse enemy is his ego that will always be used against him. The media run by only 6 major groups is fully involved. They have lost all credibility removing the facade in their attempt to take down Trump who will expose the lies of regime changes around the world and the collusion with the Clinton Foundation regime change machine that is a giant octopus with tentacles through out the government Banking Industry, foreign hostile governments and media...yes conspiracy is real wake up! If you do not you will wake up without a Constitution. 

The media and Hillary dropped the Billy Bush video on Trump which they had prepared, in order to take the focus off the Wikileaks email release on Goldman Sachs speeches speeches that prove Hillary will pass TPP and so so much more.

I am not voting for Trump because he says stupid stuff or I have a false since of his life,  I am voting for Trump to save our Constitution.

"  Hillary Clinton Said Her Dream Is A Hemispheric Common Market, With Open Trade And Open Markets. *“My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” [05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau.doc, p. 28] *Hillary Clinton Said We Have To Have A Concerted Plan To Increase Trade; We Have To Resist Protectionism And Other Kinds Of Barriers To Trade. *“Secondly, I think we have to have a concerted plan to increase trade already under the current circumstances, you know, that Inter-American Development Bank figure is pretty surprising. There is so much more we can do, there is a lot of low hanging fruit but businesses on both sides have to make it a priority and it's not for governments to do but governments can either make it easy or make it hard and we have to resist, protectionism, other kinds of barriers to market access and to trade and I would like to see this get much more attention and be not just a policy for a year under president X or president Y but a consistent one.” [05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau.doc, p. 32]"

FOLLOW THE MONEY: THE TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP PAYOFF
“Hillary Clinton Only Believes In Protecting One Thing: Her Donors. Of The 262 Companies That Lobbied For The Passage Of TPP, 82 Or Nearly 1 In 3 Donated Between $21 And $67 Million To The Clinton Foundation. Nine Companies That Lobbied For The Passage Of TPP Paid Hillary Clinton $2.7 Million For Paid Speeches. Of The 12 Signatory Countries That Are Parties To TPP, 3 Gave Between $6 And $15 Million To The Clinton Foundation. At Least 4 Lobbyists Who Are Actively Lobbying For TPP Passage Have Raised More Than $800,000 For Her

Newsflash. ... Bill Clinton isnt  running for President.   No relevance to this election whatsoever!

Can somebody tell this fool he's running against Hillary, not Bill?  Those women are idiots.  He'll probably brag, in a "locker room" about which one he wanted to or tried to nail.

TRUMP IS RECKLESSLY DANGEROUS TO THE UNITED STATES AND OUR NATIONAL SECURITY!
WE ARE CONCERNED ABOUT YOUR QUESTIONABLE BUSINESS DEALINGS OVERSEAS AND YOUR FINANCIAL TIES TO THE MOB AND OTHER COUNTRIES…POLITIFACT:  TRUMP DOES INDEED HAVE TIES TO THE MAFIA IN THE USA AND RUSSIA!

1.	Will you sever ties with your company linked to foreign leaders, questionable organizations, and criminals if you become president?

2.	How will you handle non-cancelable contractual obligations with parties whose interests conflict with those of the United States?

3.	While refusing to release your tax returns, how will you confirm that you do not have dangerous financial ties to bad actors abroad?

4.	If you were willing to work with Qaddafi—a known terrorist and dictator—is there anyone you aren't willing to make a deal with? Who?

5.	How can you be tough on Iran, given your business partnership with someone connected to Iranian money laundering? 

6.	Given that you've already questioned our commitments to NATO allies, what is your answer to this? For example, how would you handle the millions of dollars flowing into your organization from your Istanbul properties.

7.	To what extent would your foreign policy be dictated by potential financial benefits for your business partners? 

8.	Will you disclose the nature of your personal and business relationships with all of the Russian oligarchs you are “close” to?

9.	Have you or your campaign discussed U.S.-Russian relations with the Russian billionaires with whom you've done business?

10.	 How did the Russian mob boss who ran a criminal organization out of Trump Tower get a VIP pass to your Miss Universe pageant in Moscow?

11.	With business ties to politically-connected Indian developers, how can you conduct foreign policy that puts the U.S. above your profits?

12.	How can we be sure you'd be willing to be tough on any nation if necessary, if it would put your interests and profits at risk?

13.	How can we know you won't (again) impulsively damage relationships with crucial allies to preserve your own ego? 

14.	We know you engaged extensively in pay-to-play here at home. Have you bribed foreign officials or other parties abroad?

15.	To what extent are you and your family currently contractually tied to payments from foreign business partners, or governments?

16.	You've mentioned ~120 foreign deals, including in countries with national security implications. Where and with whom are you working?

17.	Will your children disclose all of the foreign trips and business deals they've undertaken during the campaign, and with whom they met?

18.	In sum, how will Trump guarantee that if forced to choose between America's security and his own bank account, he won't pick the latter?

19.	It's pretty clear: Trump's spent his life unscrupulously looking out for his own wallet above all. Why would that change as president?

20.	If elected, will Trump and his family sever ties to the Trump organization?

DONALD TRUMP HAS HUGE FINANCIAL TIES TO NUMEROUS FOREIGN COUNTRIES, TIED TO HIS BUSINESSES AROUND THE WORLD…..RUSSIA, CHINA, SAUDI ARABIA, IRAN AND THAT’S JUST FOR STARTERS….(IN A RECENT ARTICLE BY KURT EICHENWALD ON NEWSWEEK), HIS TIES TO THESE COUNTRIES WOULD BE A CONFLICT OF INTEREST WHEN IT COMES TO “NATIONAL SECURITY”!

PLEASE PLEASE PROVIDE US WITH YOUR TAXES MR. TRUMP AND A “REAL” MEDICAL RECORD!!!

#NoTaxesNoVote
#NeverTrumPutin
#NeverTrumpPence
#FollowTheMoney
#FollowThePaperwork

WHERE ARE YOUR TAXES TRUMP?  WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?

VOTE BLUE UP AND DOWN THE BALLOT!  AMERICA IS ALREADY GREAT!   #ClintonKaine2016
ANSWER THESE IMPORTANT QUESTIONS, MR. TRUMP!!!

It looked like Kim Jong Kim  in North Korea with pow's

This is,so pitiful.  I don't  know what to say

One thing for sure, I'm not voting for  I'll Clinton.

http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2016/05/24/flashback_trump_praises_bill_clinton_in_1998_interview_calls_paula_jones_a_loser.html

Sharrie Collins. What's your take on Paula Jone's hat?  :)

"but, he did it first mom" as if that makes him better.  smh

Why is this relevant?  Hillary is running, not Bill.

And how many women have accused Trump of rape or attempted rape??????  http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/federal-judge-orders-hearing-in-donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-case/

All he has to offer is deflection.   Sad.

You've Been Trumped Too

Rafael Becker

Laura Martins

When will Hilliary apologize to Kathy Shelton after accusing her as being responsible for being viciously raped as 12 year old girl by Thomas Alfred Taylor, a 41-year- pedophile?

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GfNygQtTtug

Bill  Clinton is not running for president  .

Dieter Gallop

Campbell Kerr

Laura Cochran

Iddin Adnan

http://bit.ly/2ej2ucm

By all means, do not vote for Bill Clinton for president if you believe he is a sexual predator.  I sure as hell won't be voting for Donald.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGpVreCqNLo

Urgent
Amazigh People in Libya are at high risk of facing a genocide and mass killing.
Minority Rights Group International (MRG) has issued its 2016  Index of People Under Threat. Where this year, Libya ranked #12 in the world in this index. 
The index shows that the threatned groups in Libya that face high risk of genocide and mass killing are the Amazigh people (Berbers), Tebu, Arabized Black Libyans (Tawrgha) and Sub-Saharan migrants.
Minority Rights Group International (MRG) is an international human rights organisation founded with the objective of working to secure rights for ethnic, national, religious and linguistic minorities and indigenous peoples around the world. 
For more info:
http://peoplesunderthreat.org/countries/libya/

Meghana Vasireddy