What happened to the rules of war? A funeral FFS? Hospitals in Syria & Afghanistan (always a "mistake" if the US is involved), UN shelters in Gaza ("human shields" when it's Israel). Is this the new normal?

What, pray tell, is a "Saudi-Led"? Which country is that? It this a way to perpetrate war crimes without any accountability? Surely these criminal planes had a national flag somewhere. This is subterfuge, pure and simple. All the media have bought into this obfuscation. So the nation or nations responsible for this crime escape consequences, hiding behind this sham of a "coalition", and the media all go along. What a "Brave New World". :p

When will the US finally get to its senses? Saudi Arabia will not accept any compromise. This is a pet project of its aggressive vice-crown prince Mohammad Bin Salman. If he doesn't get his way that will seriously harm his chances for the crown. And given the lack of popularity of his protégé Hadi in Yemen he sees no choice but to reject anything short of a Hadi dictatorship.

Those poor, oppressed, victimised Houthis. What's written on their flag already? Oh yes: "God Is Great, Death to America, Death to Israel, Curse on the Jews, Victory to Islam"... I shudder to think what atrocities *they* would commit if they had the capabilities, really.

It wasn't just one strike it was a 'double tap' that hit first responders. Now where is all that disgust and anger over such war crimes from Washington?

These Houthis only represent 15% of Yemeni ,suddenly Iran give secretly weapons. They said we will fight against US and Israel in reality they are fighting against there own Yemenis

Why did you report this? It only took you two days to wake up. Let me guess.. Saudis are allies, we can ignore what they are doing in Yemen, but Russia is an enemy, we report their attacks in Syria before they happen...

I'm sure the USA will now accuse Saudi Arabia of war crimes... oh wait, no, they just keep giving them money and selling them weapons.

A vote for Hillary is a vote for no more justice in this country chaos will ensue.

Saudi rulers should be tried for "War Crime" in International Court of Justice, The Hague.

This is who Hillary and Obama want to bring MORE of in.

American planes with American bombs falling on a Yemeni funeral. America most definitely has a biblical reckoning coming.

US and allies have committed war crimes.

Yet we support the saudis 100%. I wonder why....

"The United States will conduct “an immediate review” of its support for the Saudi-led coalition, with possible adjustments “to better align with U.S. principles, values and interests,” according to a statement from Ned Price, the National Security Council spokesman."

It's about time but this should have happened long ago.  US support of anything in the Middle East automatically confers complicity, whether deserved or not.

NO ROE, there was no 'rules' on 9/11.

So maybe the victims on 9-11 felt the same?

Yep!  The Saudis are vile.

Too many innocents  people have been killed from all sides .

Silly terrorists

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155080066731729&substory_index=0&id=22067606728