What's with his constant sniffling? Does he have a cocaine problem or does he have a chronic lung condition making him unable to breathe?

Trump would have been kicked off the B grade high school debating circuit for breaking the rules, complete absence of logical thinking skills, and inability to communicate ideas cohesively. How the hell could he and his team run the US Government, and conduct international negotiations.

What do this personal attacking have to do with making America a better place?

It's a shame people will vote for a woman who will stand by a rapist and shame the woman by threatening, ruining their lives, and not apologizing for what she has done to them.

You both need to take responsibility for your actions. 

#worstoptionsever

this guy can't talk about anything concrete or answer a simple question directly besides attacking the opponent. He has no respect towards anyone or anything.

She needs to apologize to the Benghazi families!!!! Hello, did we forget about that?  Doesn't she have wrongful death suits against her!

Didn't he already apologize though? What he said was no different then rap lyrics or locker room banter. Not nearly as bad as the stuff Hillary has actually DONE. but apparently actions no longer speak louder then words..

Trump did not answer any questions. He just made excuses and blamed Hillary for everything. No one person is the cause or cure for everything.

Probably no voters changing who they are voting for over this debate. Clinton still in the driver's seat with the electoral votes to win.

She says Trump should apologize!! She needs to apologize to the country for all the lies she told & apologize to the families of those who died in Benghazi saying the attack was the result of a video!!

Says the woman who left Americans to die in Benghazi while arming terrorists in Libya...who destroyed evidence after being subpoenaed...who lied to Congress under oath...who should be in jail.

No, Hillary.  You owe us an apology and you owe one to the families of those who died in Benghazi and you and your husband owe an apology to those women whom your husband victimized and you bullied. They're sitting in the audience so now is just as good a time as any!

says the woman who abandoned our people in benghazi, sold state department access, illegally destroyed 30k emails, and has dragged this election down to a new low, even for the clintons

For her to say that makes me want to punch her in the face. Neithe "candidate" we have been given is innocent. But for her to say that, after her actions directly caused the deaths of Americans....man, how can anyone possibly vote for HER?

Im
Glad this Trump sensation is happening it just shows how
Much of the population is dumbed down and completely delusional and not eligible to have any role in politics whatsoever. Keep up the good show everybody.

You sell stinger missiles to our enemy Killary & clean up your evidence in Benghazi & deleting your shadow government globalist emails. It goes on & on,you can only fool sheeple you lying un-American soulless sellout!

True! But shouldn't Hillary apologize for Lybia, Iraq, Syria and so on? Why does she appeals for american russophobia in the debate? He is just a stupid and ignorant man... But  she is devil....

Trump is not only unfit but also dangerous to our nation and the entire world. If I was asked to mention one positive thing about Trump, I would say thank you for being honest about your lack of self control when it comes to grabbing someone by the p****

I think he snorts because he's lying in that moment and he knows it in his own mind or he's trying to suck all the air out of the room so no one else can breathe.

Because she's not inherently a Bully...she refrained to walk close to him with her microphone, look him in the face, and point at his face when she said it.

I'm still waiting for her to apologize for addressing Congress after the Saudis attacked us on 9/11 and saying that Saddam Hussein had ties to Al Qaeda to deflect attention from her financial backers in Saudi Arabia.

Hosey Nezam Abigael Kingsley Buah har lyst til at sparke ham i hovedet... sådan virkeligt.. bare måden han står på irriterer mig

This must not be the same person that sold the 29 million in weapons to Saudi Arabia after they made a contribution to her foundation. They're being used on Yemen has we speak, to kill innocents. This war monger and war criminal sure has the nerve.

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

He promised to prosecute her. That is awesomely huge. Finally. Someone wants to give us some justice against this evil and corrupt cartel. I'm Voting For Jill Stein on November 8, 2016 A women we can trust. She has not been treasonous.

no, Hillary, 
you owe Bernie's supporters
an apology for using the
DNC to subvert his Campaign
preventing him from the
Nomination & eventual
Presidency, 
which he would have easily 
won,
in a United Front coalition
with Independents
& other Progressives!

trump is so unfit to be president that it's crazy to think anyone  could support him. He's full on looney tonight.

I think a congressional committee should investigate his "sniffles".  Between that and the creeping stalking I think he's got a little cocaine problem.

Because Hillary does not owe an appology to the american people, military families and women abused by her husband...

Why is Trump stalking Hillary onstage? I feel a p*ssy grab coming on.

The biggest laugh comes when Donald Trump says "I'm a gentleman."

Meanwhile, Gary Johnson is trying to figure out how to inhabit other planets.

Deporting Donald would make my America great again. (I'm sure Vlad has a guest room or two).

Trump and his supporters saying it was "locker room talk" as some kind of excuse doesn't make locker room talk okay.

Trump is a joke why do you ppl insist on defending this clown you ppl are truly sick

i don't care if he apologizes...i agree with Reggie Love can we have some substance for crying out loud.

And Trump said SHE owes our Country an apology for DELETING 30 SOMETHING THOUSAND EMAILS..

Cody, real men who are secure with themselves don't talk that way in the locker room or otherwise.

Why are you not ripping into her? Because she answers the questions but YOU DON'T stupid moron!!!!!!

No way Trump can have more than 30% pf votes.... even McCain doesent support him anymore...

Trump is useless.

...Lets not include his response where he points out its hillary that needs to apologize to Obama baha

Tired of the New York Times one sided coverage of this election. Please be fair and start reporting both sides.

Oh cmon Lets not talk about the apologies that she and other (her husband, Obama...) owes to the country!

Let me tell you something ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump "is a DISASTER, a real DISASTER".

Whoever supports a rapist with a pending case in NYC courts of raping an underage child should lookout for Karma and pray it never happens to your child. Shame on you all Trump supporters wanting a rapist for president of our great country. Shame on you.
http://www.snopes.com/2016/06/23/donald-trump-rape-lawsuit/

I am no way supporting Donald Trump. However, am just amazed in seeing how the entire media together is against him. A live example is this debate where these two presenters are strangely cutting off only him. Sure he's done bad things. Am sure everyone would be aware on what he said a couple of days ago. But how many of you know in detail about Hillary Clinton's deleted emails? Or the fact that she helped create ISIS.

If all fails lie...if that doesn't work lie again...politics 101

KILLARY OWES THE COUNTRY A APOLOGY and GIVE ALLL TGE MONEY BACK TO THE TERROORISTS😂👹👹👹👹

Trump is an idiot! If he couldn't use the word disaster he wouldn't have anything to say!

Deflect deflect deflect. The khan's the khan's the khans. The video the video the video. Deflect deflect deflect.

That's rich. You owe our country 20 years in solitary for compromising national security you disgusting fraud.

'He grabbed me:' Woman alleges Trump groped her exactly as described on tape

Jill Harth, a pageant owner trying to work with Trump in the mid-1990s, filed suit against him in federal court in Manhattan in 1997, describing a “relentless” campaign of sexual harassment and assault including an incident in which he reached under a table, put his hands on her thighs and grabbed her “intimate private parts” during a meeting at a New York restaurant.

http://ww. newsweek.com/donald-trump-words-echo-womans-allegations-507763

Sorry, GOP, Donald Trump Is Your Monster--It's Time To Own Him - The Daily Banter

Democrats have been predicting this for months and have been screaming at all of our Republican friends and family to wake up to the reality of what Donald Trump really represents. We saw this coming a mile away, but they wouldn't listen. 

http://thedailybanter.com/2016/10/time-for-gop-to-own-trump/

. . . 
The Imperfect Donald J. Trump wanting to be the President of the 323,803,017 Perfect American People, - WELL GEEEEEEE!!!, that is just preposterous.

He did not apologize. He asked Clinton to apologize for her various offences, according to him.

Bless the man who forced them to display a little bit of decency at the end.

These two are the biggest joke ever and people are fine with it..

Boom! Hillary can stand up to psycho and petulant dictators to their face!

I almost wish that Hillary would punch him in the face. Isn't that awful?

When voting you should have a choice saying none of the above!!

🤔really trump apologizes I don't think so he hasn't done ✅ for a lot he said and do

Hillary voted to give Bush the power to do what he felt best...she did not vote to go to war with Iraq

Ok agreed but doesn't Hillary owe an apology for lying about Benghazi ?

Agreed. You, Hillary, owe the families of the your victims an apology and some answers. Not just Benghazi but the trail of death and destruction you and slick Willy have left in your wake

Get on with the real issues...like our debit and possible economic collapse....

So far, all I've heard is rehashing comments they have both made before many times.

I think the inhalation through the nose is a "tell". Whenever he lies he inhales through the nose. "I pay 100s of millions in taxes" Big inhalation through the nose!!!!

We want Hillary not Trump he doesn't no want he is doing he is no good he doesn't respect women how he talks he belongs in jail

I/we apologize to my family for wasting an hour watching this juvenile crap!

This is just sad!!!! Pathetic from trump

Narcissists do not know how to apologize.

Only if the GOP meets after the inauguration and sign a pledge to obstruct everything Hillary tries to do in her first term, will this become a debacle for all our country. This pity party from Trump's minions is not garnering too many RSVP's because there is not an audience who doesn't realize he has blown this out of the water.  

The GOP would be wise to remember what they did that night and the fall out that it engendered. Word to the unwise: Don't repeat the same mistake twice. It hasn't serve you well for 8 years.  

Word to the wise: don't.  

Want to lay bets if she wins the election and Congress stays in the majority of GOP, Gowdy will attempt to start an impeachment process on either Benghazi or emails? How much you want to lay down? Nothing like a death wish after you have lost everything. But in this, you are as Trump, you can't help yourselves.

She's failing..blaming russia, for our weakness...she's making stuff up...

Hang in there Hillary. Keep the same temperment. 30 more minutes and TRUMP in done.

He's a PIG who thinks he's god's gift to women....pardon me whilst I choke laughing.

With these candidates I feel sorry for american people!

I hate to say this but I didn't like either of them but Trump is making me feel sorry for Killery. 😞

hillary has now confirmed authenticity of wikileaks: https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/927

TRUMPED UP HOGWASH!!! THE SOCIETY THAT MADE 5O SHADES OF GREY, TWERKING, AND RAP MUSIC A HUGE SUCCESS, IS NOW OUTRAGED OVER A FEW BAD WORDS, BY MR. TRUMP. "IF YOU LISTEN TO RAP MUSIC, GAME OF THRONES, GIRLS, 'ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK', LIKE LAURA DUNHAM, OR THINK BILL CLINTON IS AWESOME, YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE!!"  GIMME A BREAK!! HOW HYPOCRITICAL.

MR. TRUMP WAS NOT PREVIOUSLY A POLITICIAN, CONSEQUENTLY, MUCH OF HIS SPEECH WAS PREVIOUSLY UNGUARDED, AND NOT SCRIPTED, AS OTHER POLITICIANS WE ENCOUNTER. I AM SURE WOMEN HAVE HAD MANY VERY INTERESTING PRIVATE CONVERSATIONS ABOUT MEN THAT HAVE NOT BEEN RECORDED!!!  THIS CONVERSATION IS NOTHING BUT HYPE AND JOKING AROUND. WHY DOES NOT HRC HAVE SUCH OUTRAGE ABOUT HER HUSBANDS PAST ACTIONS IN THE WH. OUR CHOICE IS TO CHOOSE KNOWN CORRUPTION, VS. A MAN WHO MADE A FEW BAD CHOICES OF WORD SELECTION.

As a result, with all of the corruption and lies from this administration and HRC, I could care less about some conversation that has nothing to do with saving this country from the liberal Communist/ Socialist agenda. THESE STATEMENTS WERE NOT MEANT TO BE TAKEN LITERALLY!!

This was just locker room banter, guys do this all the time. This kind of talk is not meant to be public, Just "locker talk"and private conversations. What happened to our Constitutional rights of free speech when talking privately and not violating other people's rights?? Although  this conversation was HYPE, no one was harmed. No feelings would have been hurt if no one had secretly recorded and released this conversation. We should all have the expectations of a certain amount of privacy. We are slowly turning into a Socialist/Communistic country where the government and media are involved in every little nook and cranny of our lives.   MOREOVER, THIS OCCURRED WHEN HE WAS A PRIVATE CITIZEN 11 YEARS AGO AS A BUSINESSMAN WHILE JOKING IN WHAT HE THOUGHT WAS A PRIVATE ENVIRONMENT.  SO SAD AND DANGEROUS!!

WE CANNOT BE DISTRACTED FROM THE REAL ISSUES AND CORRUPTION AFFECTING THIS COUNTRY FROM ALL OF HRC'S CURRENT AND PAST SCANDALS!! WHAT MATTERS MORE,  MR. TRUMP'S DECADES OLD LOCKER TALK, OR CLINTON'S MODERN DAY WISH TO DESTROY THE NATION.

LETS NOT BE DISTRACTED, DEMAND WE TALK ABOUT THE REAL ISSUES. THE DEMS WANT TO DISTRACT THE POPULATION AWAY FROM THEIR HIDDEN AGENDAS HIGHLIGHTED IN WIKILEAKS EMAILS. MAINLY OPEN BORDERS AND A GOLOBALISTIC ECONOMY BASED ON SAUL ALINSKY RULES (COMMUNISM/SOCIALISM). STAY VIGILANT FOR THE STABILITY OF OUR COUNTRY PLEASE.

Ha that the pot calling the kettle black!!!!!

Exactly like your hubby when he lied on national tv or higher?

No Lady.... You owe us a huge apology!

Green room attendant: Would you like COKE or Pepsi Mr. Trump?

She lies, lies and lies. Never clinton

Pathetic from Hillary. Pathological liar

hillary clinton. words are words and rape is rape

Clintons are rapists

Hillary for PRISON!

Trump needs Obama care for his nose problem

He did... now it's her turn.

Does Trump have a nose problem

Marc Antoine Allemand elle lui envoie tout dans la gueule lol

Marilia Cabral olha a parte que ela cita o vídeo

Indeed

What she owes the country can never be repaid!

She is such a liar

He's apologized 5 times. Move on!

FRANKLY, I THINK DONALD TRUMPS MOTHER OUGHT TO APOLOGIZE TO AMERICA FOR GIVING BIRTH TO HIM. JUST SAYIN.

Trump=the devil at his best!!!! Sad when people believe  his lies just like the devil to deceive!!! Hell is waiting!!!!! Sad for followers!!!! He is a put down person to make himself look good.  Has no substance, sense or strategy! !!!!

He's incoherent, clueless, and Sniffs way to much.

I am watching this debate with a republican and he is cringing through it.  Forget about party alliance:  is this the best our country can do???  If so, this country; namely, the people, needs to demand change and not respond in ignorance.  OMG!!!  There are so many better orators and debaters out there and the people have to be subjected to this juvenile banter??

Trump is sniffing again.

there has been nothing but "middle-school" verbal attacks, it is shameful.  Questions are not answered and solutions are not given and these people are going to be leaders of The USA??  So much of the rhetoric is repetitive, meaningless and not edifying.  Yes, this country needs change, amelioration, but...............

On every issue why is Donald J Trump have to put down everything somebody else does in order to answer a question he is a put down artist that make himself look bigger. He has  no policy at all!

how many people has she murdered already

I agree, Melania should kick Donald to the curb!

La pro multiculturalidad de Clinton apesta!

She needs to apologize to the Benghazi families

Hillary has nerves of steel

He has apologized. She has not.

Hate to say it, but Hillary got destroyed in the first half hour

Shame 🙄

still waiting for it......

Trump crushed Hillary tonight. Not even close.

That's right. He needs to but apology is not in his vocabulary.

Hostile environment.

Imagino que los que van a votar a esta escoria humana de trump, no tienen madres, tampoco hermanas, menos hijas, son una especie secta de fascista con un dios llamado poder y su hijo el dinero ,  trump es la encarnación de su demonio, Hilary es lo que hay,no es lo mejor simplemente no hay otra opción, por favor vean eso querida comunidad de trabajadores , ya es difícil la vida no permitan que esta abominación tenga mas poder, imaginense que va a hacer si ahora mismo ya es así.

Dump the Trash Trump

You too, Hillary...YOU TOO. :(

Donald Trump totally won the debate!  His Lincoln remarks and the jail remark were classic!  Huge win!  He was fighting three against one and kicked Hillary's butt!  Martha actually argued with him!!!!  Martha was not supposed to be debating Trump, Hillary was.  TRUMP HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!

Toxic waste, shamelessly exposing himself.

Agreed. And so do you.
#CharacterMatters
#LetGaryDebate

And Hillary owes this country some time in the penitentiary.

And here is where we make a liar out of Lincoln....

TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT

OMG she is wonderful

And so does her husband

#letgarydebate

Hillary

gente...

Another I'm rubber and you're glue answer.

She wasn't on the Finance Committee.

He make it and he is the man prowed of

OOOOH. That's mom talk

NO YOU DO!!!!!!! KILLARY!!!!

Sniff...Sniff

Ha!! 😂

He owes evolution an apology.

Does he even understand he's not running against Bill  Clinton?  Am I the only one that thinks he is unable to fathom running against a woman so he's hyper-focused on her husband?  Not to mention he's the biggest philandering  hypocrite.  Ugh

Just smoked a joint.. This is great..seriously try it...

He owes THE WORLD an apology!

"unproud"

So can she apologize for all her lies

The NYT's SUCKS!!!

She has hate in her heart

She has hate in her heart????

Yes!!

How about Bill Hillary?

He is nasty !!

He is awful!!!!!!!

and she doesn't hahahaha

He owes the entire world many apologies

Obamacare

Benghazi

Like Trump said: she belongs in jail.





Trump is a million times better than Clinton

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

HILLARY CLINTON 2016!!!

seriously?

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

HILLARY CLINTON 2016!!

HILLARY CLINTON 2016!!

Both are useless. Sad one will be our president.

Trump must be sniffing cocaine.

Trump doens't know the that say!!

Donald Trump debate style and behavior sure is embarrassing    Is he going to behave like this while negotiating with world leaders!!!!

doesn't work. the propaganda machine

WHAT, WHAT, WHAT?! 😳

True that !

Sniff

Pobre pendejo

He owes women a sincere apology for being a sexist pig!!!

Hillary and Trump both owe apologies....they both have faults

Lumpy is a d bag.

Sounds like the the audience is on trumps side

So does she.

Well said.

BRAVO!!!

Umm..no

What evidence do you have?

Ya'll waste time complaining. Vote for someone other than T or C!

#ImVotingForJillBecause <3

should women must be honored

As did George Bush!!!!

Can't stand how smug and smarmy he is being

He may have allergies, like I do.  But anyone else would be put through a drug test sniffling endlessly with no other symptoms.

So does she !!!!!!!!!!!

😱😱😱

Libya and Syria are pitiful!!!  People are sadly killed everywhere, and, in some places, in great numbers.  USA is NOT the worlds' police!

He blames others for everything, smh

Hahaha but she doesn't!?!?!?

Mr trump is Arvind Kejri of USA.

😂 😂

Carol Li Billy Lin *our planet

Yassssss Secretary of the State/Senator a Woman of the United States 🇺🇸

hillary own HAITI A BIIIIIIIG APOLOGY: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/04/13/how-hillary-helped-ruin-haiti.html

How about all those able bodied men walking away from their country.   American men would not cower.  They would stay and fight.  It is disgusting.

Arch Khalid chek it !!

See ....... Unprepared Hillary Clinton protect immigrants who are causing destruction, hunger, disease and unemployment and not caring American citizens, and other black people are the very discrimination because they want to carry arms and do not want to respect justice and police have to take a b asta it because the government barack obama cade he ended the terrismo in syria? So conversae giving ha rights who do not want to work not joje just days and that each country has to take care of its people is why there are deaths in France, the United States and other countries do not want a weak woman in power have to be a man as god was.United Kingdom and the British are right in not wanting to accept immigrants because they are the disease brings, terrismo, unemployment and no country is obliged to receive, because each country has to take care of yourself and have blamed .. has to send deport already urgently to the country of origin because the disease and terrorism, it is the fault of the countries that accept immigrants have to send deport and not accept is what a parent fluid states can not accept a woman in power, because they want to get the rights to US citizens, desempregar want Americans and employment for immigrants killed in Orlando and in France a disgrace to American citizens a woman disarm citizens and weapons of terrorists will not vote Hillarary never without condition .

She is endorsing Free Trade and open borders with cuts to Social Security. Wikileaks is exposing the real truth and she doesn't like it. I don't know if Hillary Clinton can dig up more dirt as Assange still has 99% more authentic emails to post on her real policy issues which is very different than what she tells the public. She continues to lie, lie, lie. I felt so bad for Kathy Shelton the 13 year old girl that Hillary laughed and bragged that she got Kathy's rapist to go free while Kathy lay in a coma. The lab lost the evidence. She lost her ability to have children after the horrific rape. Kathy snapped at the reporters during a press conference with Trump after the reporters asked Trump something and Kathy visibly angry told them to ask Hillary that question. She carries a lot of anger towards the way her case was handled by Hillary in freeing her rapist and then laughing and bragging in the tape that she had gotten the offender free. Hillary is such a vile individual. all she cares about is herself, a very greedy and self absorbed individual.

Ana Luísa Silva Ferreira oh o micao Trump

Beatriz Borba MENINE

Why didn't we hear what Trump had to say? Just her accusations  with no response from him.

Oh how good America Looks on the world stage.  We owe the world and apology for these 2 fill in the blankholes

I still hear nothing but personal attacks.  Where are the issues?

She answered the question .  He did not even look at the questioner.  He just goes on about nothing

Arrest him! Drugs, sexual harressment, stealing, death threats against Hillary.  Etc.

Judge someone by their actions, not their words.  Remember the recent Brock Turner case????

The Old Post Office he mentions.  Another landmark that he wrecked.

What a  B .  Your rapist husband and you murder need to give an apology

Listen for it Naz Karim Rahat Hossan Rafid Ahmed

He has yet to answer a questions.  But sniffs every time he lies.

Trump has not been helpful to his cause. He is condescending and rude. He interrupts and stands behind her taking her space. He can't answer questions he just goes off topic with his talking points.

HA HA HA QUE BARRACO !!   Pensei que fosse somente no Brasil

Trump apologized. I accept that. She is beating it to death because she has nothing else. He took her school. Hillary was very uncomfortable- and the line about jailing her was a GRAND SLAM- that will live in history- as a GREAT line in a presidential debate. Bravo Mr. Trump...

http://www.snopes.com/hillary-clinton-freed-child-rapist-laughed-about-it/

He said    She said 
And they are BOTH full of poop

Fly lands on hillarys face ahahah even flies smell bs

You've Been Trumped Too

Wow.  I see the machine is in full swing tonight.

http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/09/27/hillary-clinton-on-rape-you-have-the-right-to-remain-silent-because-anything-you-say-can-and-will-be-used-against-you-by-the-clintons/

Valentina Valencia

When will Hilliary apologize to Kathy Shelton after accusing her as being responsible for being viciously raped as 12 year old girl by Thomas Alfred Taylor, a 41-year- pedophile?

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GfNygQtTtug

Ruben Olsson Frödin

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CKoSbpwncE

This is the most embarrassing election.  For 2 intelligent people, the

I fear the next 4 years.  Disgraceful.