I guess if you blather, lurk, lie, accuse without foundation, whine, deny your own past statements, threaten to jail political opponents, admit to knowing nothing about Russia, then pretend to know something about Russia, take Islamophobia to the next level, brag about not paying federal income taxes, blame your opponent for the loopholes you took advantage of in not paying those taxes and sniffled like you had just snorted a pile of blow, then yeah, he won.

He is completely clueless about how our government works. Can we please require future candidates to at least pass a 9th grade civics test before we have to listen to them ramble incoherently like this? This wasn't even a debate, we never got more than one decent answer to any policy questions.

Hillary played it safe and didn't humiliate him completely because this way he stays on the ticket for sure and the Democrats get a bigger win. Very smart.

Trump had an opportunity to redeem himself but wasted it doubling down on his sleazy treatment of the campaign for the highest, most respected elected office in our country.

Trump is a lecherous old pervert using his money to lure his victims with promises of stardom. ... always on the hunt ....who was caught on tape planning a sexual assault on yet another unsuspecting vulnerable young woman......while his trophy bride was home pregnant with his fifth child..... by his third wife...one of which said he raped her.

Had Mitt Romney used the language toward Pres Obama four years ago in a debate that Trump used toward Sec Clinyon last night, there would have been rioting in the streets. Calling her the devil, put her in jail, hate in her heart, etc. If the Republican Party thinks that is acceptable, God help them.

There's only one time when you can be certain a right winger like Trump is being honest. And that's when he’s promising to summarily throw people into prison, or bragging about sexual assault, or laughing at the idea of some helpless person being tortured.

Trump clearly won this debate. Apparently you are not in the loop. Trash brought out by Democrats has been squashed and Hillary was bombarded. She became confused and could not clearly answer questions. Trump took her down. Hillary could not truthfully answer about the contents of her emails or the whereabouts of her missing and deleted emails. More to come as the current leaks are gone through.

White Christian America for Donald Trump and his family values.

Making America great again by trash talk and misogyny.

Building walls to wall America in and the world out. 

Blaming America's woes on the poor while living a life of luxury.

Focusing hatred towards immigrants while marrying three. 

In less than one year Trump and his supporters have destroyed 250 years of American values.

Last night debate convince me more than ever before that Donald Trump is unfit, incapable, incompetent, inept, inefficient, inexperienced, uneducated, unintelligent and is the rudest, ill-mannered, unethical and immoral person to have ever contested US presidential election. How could Republican party endorse this mad man's nomination for the post of Commander-in-Chief and president of United States of America - the most powerful military power in the world?

 Hillary Clinton came out from this debate as victorious and miles apart in intelligence, manners, ethics, eloquence and degraded Donald Trump as someone with gangster's belligerence and being a male chauvinist, misogynist, arrogant, conceited, self opinionated, ill-mannered, rude, silly, mad, idiot, racist, lewd, hate monger, war monger and an evil monster. This man should be locked in a cage and never let out

The only thing that Donald Trump did not do was to abuse or swear at Hillary and call her by bad names and but he left no stone unturned in insulting her. I think that it is the kind of attitude he shows towards women. He is immoral, unethical, lewd and a shameless person who has no conscience of guilt.

 He was not debating or arguing with her but insulting her all the time forgetting that has thirty years of experience in political, administrative and diplomatic field and one of the brilliant legal brains of USA. He showed total disrespect, disregard and disdain for her services to her country.

I was impressed with HRC last night. Trump did everything possible to taunt and intimidate her, to get under her skin. She never flinched, and maintained her own level of self-control. That obviously frustrated him and he lost control of himself. He was frustrated, she was inflappable. She would definitely be not only better than Trump as president, but a capable president period.

If this was enough for Republicans to stick by their sexual assaulter/presidential candidate...that's telling us something about them, isn't it?

Trump did win. Truth: while under subpoena Hillary did destroy evidence when deleting 33000 emails from her private illegal server.

And Hillary does belong in jail, but at this time is protected by Obama's doj, and the Media...even rino reps and senators.

Voting for someone above the law?

Shame on you.

Trump did just well enough by the unbelievable low bar standards of his supporters (who not only relish his lies but long for validation via those lies) that the Republican Party can't get rid of him.  LMAO

The many threats Hillary has gotten some 1 should be in jail right now you handle yourself Madame pres. You were woman enough to apologize. He is a dictator not pres material! !!!!

Trump FLOORED her. To say she is still standing is not true. She was rattled, and ineffective- because he exposed her. She is not fit to be president- and she will not be. Trump looked like a STRONG leader. And 70% of the country say Hillary is Wrong Track. We will choose Trump on Nov. 8.

Last night's debate may have been vile, but it revealed the candidates in a way we had not experienced during this hellish, interminable campaign.

We learned not a jot about policy, but volumes on temperament. HC, in the most spontaneous and genuine moment of the campaign, humanized Trump, and doused his fire, in the final moment of the debate.

This was in response to the challenge to each candidate, to say something positive about the other. HC complimented DT on his children, implying it was a reflection of Trump as a father. Trump was transformed--he almost glowed.

And Trump's response was equally powerful. His said, with genuine respect, (paraphrasing, because by that time I'd had two glasses of scotch), "One thing I'll say about Hillary is that she is a fighter; she doesn't give up..." You were waiting for a qualifying clause beginning with "But..." but it never followed.

somewhere there are two human beings behind their masks.

Hillary was defeated in the debate. She rambled on and on. She made up lies out of whole cloth. The phony not paying taxes!! Funny that she used the same deductions in her tax returns just these previous years. Hmmm! NYT is pretty much a propaganda rag

Trump did not look presidential last night. He appeared to be confused, medicated, belligerent, abusive, lied about everything, corruption at its highest by paying those women to ridicule themselves in front of millions of people, polarizing, disrespectful, and worst of all, did not try to show that he could be the president for all Americans.

AMERICA OWNED AND IS RUN BY THE ORCHESTRATED DEBT MONGERS. 

It would appear that America is united in only one thing and that is that they are in denial, biased, racist, socially, economically divided and oblivious to the fact the country is on its knees and living off a mountain of printed and mounting debt. 

A monumental debt accrued by the political career shysters who have used the system to fill only their own pockets, all this whilst distracting the citizens with over 200 years of unnecessary global war.

All Americans, need to look too the late President JFK's heart felt speech, just 7 days before his permanent removal from office. He clearly warned you all of what lay ahead and no one listened, with the exception of a few, hence his planned murder. 

It is no coincidence that the repercussions for the blue collar and white collar workers and working classes of America have been catastrophic and totally reprehensible, with middle America next in line up for food stamps and foreclosure. 

The chickens have surely come home to roost and the damage to America has to be laid fairly and squarely at the feet of the guilty. Who just happen to be successive Bankster laid puppet governments and all controlled via Wall Street.

As it was with Brexit, so too, it will be with the United States Of America, when it will only be the use people power that will allow for its rescue and the survival of its constitution and nation.

As someone who has been sexually assaulted, I am saddened, disgusted, and disturbed by the attitudes of this sad excuse of a man. But I have to say that although this infamous video has been traumatic for me, I am glad that it is bringing awareness to rape culture and how damaging it is for everyone.

The NYT is beginning to be equally sensational and factual as the enquirer. Likening a debate to a nuclear attack while the country stands at the brink of actual nuclear war, the editor who approved this has no tact and even less common sense.

My dream is at the next debate they just start off with some basic questions about the structure of the US Government, how a bill is passed, branches of the government. The basics. I want to be sure our candidates can answer these before they launch into character attacks and jail threats.

Clinton will disappear all problems of people , by disappear the people, with a nuclear war no one on planet will have problems again

Trump proved to be an unrelenting blowhard with nothing of substance, only threats and hollow proclamations that fix nothing.

Of course Pence will say he won. He said that after the last debate too. Guaranteed Trump lost even more voters after last night, as his supporters keep publicly dropping like flies.

The exact nature of Trump's "respect for women" was on display last night for all to see, as it has been for his entire life.

Anyone listening to what was said will have to be asking this morning "How on earth can you lie under oath, lie to congress, lie to the FBI, destroy evidence after it is under subpoena, and still be allowed to speak in public?" As we know from this debates' fact checking (anyone paying attention knew long ago) Hillary is absolutely a felon and should be in Jail.
#VoteGreen, #ProsecuteHillaryNow, #ImpeachLorettaLynch, #JailComey

That is what the weak do...put down other people to feel better about themselves. Trump is a weak...small man...that is what I saw yesterday....how sad.

I woke up this morning reflecting on the so called debate we saw last night and all I can feel is disgusted. Disgusted on a level so deep I've never experienced it before. Donald Trump took the job of President of the United States and soiled it so badly it may never recover. From the paid women (reported by ABC) who showed up to the threats and the physical intimidation tactics I was embarassed beyond measure that Donald Trump represents half of our country. We can no longer take the moral high ground internationally. We aired our dirty little secret on International television last night. The secret that many Americans are nothing more than classless, gutter dwelling bullies who prey on women and love nothing more than mud slinging. It literally made me sick. Donald Trump has single handedly destroyed the reputation of a proud nation. I intend to do everything in my power to make sure he NEVER gets the chance to make that damage permanent.  VOTE BLUE, PEOPLE! VOTE HILLARY! VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!

For the life of me I do not understand how anyone would settle to support Trump as our commander-in-Chief. I don't think, if asked, that he  could even tell us how a bill is passed.

Trump is a fighter!! TKO!! Clinton put the moral debate on stage and then couldn't even defend herself. Trump was masterful!!

And, did you catch how anything Hillary Clinton said, he dismissed as "words, just words," and his own bragging about how he goes about committing sexual assault as "just locker room talk," of a 59 year old, but these women's long discredited words, by their own words in affidavits, under oath, somehow have pecular gravitas and significance in supporting Trump's convoluted argument that whatever Bill Clinton's consensual infidelities allegedly took place a generation ago necessarily disqualify his wife of 41 years from seeking the Office for which she alone in this Presidential election is eminently qualified?

Seriously, Trump and Pence are a complete disaster and a threat to National security. Everything from Trump Mocking Handicapped people to insulting veterans, wounded soldiers and parents of fallen troops, to Stealing Funds meant for Cancer victims and research and Veterans all for himself To him bragging he sexually assaulted women and said to "treat all women like Sh*t", To him not paying taxes and losing $1 Billion dollars in one year, to Spending millions of dollars for products in China, Russia and Cuba while destroying local economy, to his blatant coward bigotry of Mexicans, Muslims, Immigrants and all women, to his sexism, rudeness, obnoxiousness, to his wall of hate and fear, to brainwashing and exploiting the poorly educated with hate & fear tactics, training his supporters like circus dogs trained to be their own worst enemy to his racist Birther movement against Obama. Trump would absolutely Demolish the U.S. economy according to every single financial expert polled and destroy our nation from the ground up if Trump the chump ever scammed his way into the white house. #DUMPTRUMPTHECHUMP http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/top-republican-gop-50-officials-warn-donald-trump-national-security-risk-dangerous

She played it masterfully. The pundidiots consistently underestimate her because of their biases and infernal double standard. She does not want him to go way and she does not wantt o put him away. She is giving him all the space he needs to self destruct and fracture the GOP.

I felt as if I were watching a modern staging of Macbeth.  Naked ambition killing what used to be a dignified office.  By the pricking of my thumbs...

And then Trump said....I will say this about Hillary: She doesn't quit. She doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She's a fighter.

Why is #CinnamonHitler allowed to suggest his vulgarity and admissions of sexual assault are "locker room talk" when he was IN THE WORKPLACE?

Just listen to the way Trump says he intends to use the law to threaten and to retaliate against those who speak against him, or oppose him....and you will see how dangerous this man is. Apparently, he doesn't just like Putin, he's decided he wants to emulate Putin too....he doesn't want to be president...he wants to be a dictator. He's not "for" the American people...he's out for his own personal glory and reputation. He doesn't give any answers to questions...because he doesn't have any answers, and I"m afraid he doesn't even understand the questions. and he doesn't even seem  understand what the powers of the presidency ARE... he seems to think he has complete control... with no limitations...

I had hoped that Hillary might start the debate by handing Trump a box of Orange Tic Tacs so that he would know from the outset that he’s not fooling anyone. I didn’t get my wish, but NYT Readers can make it come true.
Please mail 1 box of Orange Tic Tacs to:
Donald J. Trump
Trump Towers 
725 5th Ave, 
New York, NY 10022

How can anybody after this "debate" say Trump i suitable to be President?? He did not even answer the questions, exept the last one

... voting Hillary Clinton is ... the end of America from within and from other countries ... there will be Socialist Communism Global Elite ruling the lives of the common people, farming enslaving everyone ... every part of people's lives will be controlled. ...other countries will take over America ... millions of migrants will take over America.... it will be the end of America and end of freedom in the world. ... voting hillary will be undocumented illegal immigrant street riots ...and dead cops. ... and nuclear WW3 with Russia.

I'd rather have a man who says that he is attracted to women and they are attracted to him - than a man who rapes women and then his wife covers it up and attacks the victims!

I'd rather have a man who uses the tax code to minimize his tax liability - than a woman who receives bribes from foreign states, then launders them through a 'charitable foundation' and then pockets the proceeds.

I'd rather have a man who was a successful businessman and appeared on a TV show, than a women who managed to get people under her responsibility killed - then lied about it to congress.

I'd rather have a man who is willing to disclose his tax records, than a woman who jeopardized the security of her state and then deleted the emails and lied to congress to cover up her poor judgment.

Molester Trump lost the debate before it even started with his crazy political stunt exploiting women who said they were molested to get to make his molestation issues go away...I've NEVER seen such desperate dirty, political tricks...it was dirty Jerry Springer show by a desperate, dirty man...

I watched with muting most of it, esp Trump...The questions were scandal rag equivalents from the moderators, and the moderators could not stop the bully from trying to dominate the school yard...Next one run by a Fox guy, more of T Rump repeating the far right's conspiracy theories....so I don't think I will watch it at all...

I don't think Trump understands how the government works? You can't just lock someone up, or make laws happen behind the current president. Does he have any idea what he's doing?

Obama / Clinton s are Globalist . When Refugees and open borders fill jobs and schools Americans are forced to make changes in our entitlements and our taxes . Then people will grab the sharp edge of a blade in order to survive ..

it's lucky Anderson Cooper didn't ask Trump if he paid off the now 34 year old woman who sued Trump and Epstein for repeated raping her when she was 13 years old. Look up the suit. He is a rapist. And he assaulted his then wife Ivana also and paid her off for her silence. What say you?

NO.. Hillary was punked out and had go go drink after and it was not in celebration but rather embarrassment as everyone there and around the world laughed at her lying self

Hillary could probably do everyone a favour by making Trump ambassador to the South Pole or Mars!

.Hilary Clinton's will be human trafficking "Colonizing it is slavery in a way but for revenue .Banking for forecloses. Understand ? allow 10 of thousands of refugees will be scammed by Government and Banks . This was her speech at her Wall Street Bankers as drugs will flow like rivers as revenue is made by seized cash and property and drug Money laundered with refugees from country"s that their economy has out grown there resources as farming drugs is their economy only to add to the pockets of Lawyers and Judges .﻿and add to the birth of kids unable to be educated and new born born addicted to drugs...There is no escaping the burn it does to your brain . You will be a slave to it . You wil sacrifice the ones you love for it . You Will Die and a grave will fill a body with no soul. You will be remembered not by your accomplishments but by the abuse you created and people you failed

Please let this be a fading nightmare on November 9th.

Trump like a raging bull... trying to intimidate because he has nothing else to give. He is nothing else than a clown. He is the one who should be locked up in a cage.

phony liberal media bias....NYT...you are upset because your girl got called on the carpet and performed just like the liar that she is...she put on a disgusting performance..

The American People LOSE the debate because there weren't the 4 qualified candidates on the stage. Controlled opposition by HRC. The only way she thinks she can get elected is when people focus on Trump and not her "errors in judgement". Trump is toast. No need to fear his election. True progressives are now free to vote for the true progressive, Jill Stein. Vote Green in 2016

Hillary destroyed Trump

She's standing!!!!   Well, at least she's not having to be held up or falling in her car.
Bawhahahaaaa...the woman has issues!!

If deflecting and not being accountable for your own actions, humiliating a woman, exploiting women, and not answering one question with any substantive information is a win, then we've hit a very low point as a nation.

Pence's stance on how he feels about Donald Trump is giving he country whiplash.

This election is done Clinton won. Ladies and gentlemen time to knowledge your new US president Hillary Clinton👏

"he solved none of his problems"...except winning a debate everyone expected him to lose, after a very rough period of criticism?  are you even paying attention to the same election I am?

Hillary had a fly visit her face; Bernie had a bird visit his podium. Nature and justice speaks.

Hillary just passed the greatest test to show America she's able to remain completely poised and graceful in times of intense pressure.

This I can agree with, but Trump still has my vote

When Bill Clinton was caught in his affairs he was given a "free pass" by the DNC controlled liberal media when he did it . And what about Hillary? What is she exactly  . Would any real woman stay with a spouse who cheated on you multiple times , and also cost the Clinton family millions of dollars in damages ? What's that say for Hillary's own self worth to her own self ? Not much . It's kind of scary too think about because most women would have dumped Bill after the first time he was caught . I question her motives -  I believe the Clinton marriage is one of greed and power - for monetary gain and power alone . That alone should scare the hell out of most people concerning Hillary Clinton- #nowayHillary

My take: They both had strong performances; still, they're both weak candidates.

I'll accept that synopsis. We think he won, you all think she won, but the title is honest.

Trump pandered to his Breitbart right wing base. He did nothing to get the supporters he needs to win. His stalking and lurking was weird.

Trump knows nothing about politics and foreign affairs

He says nothing. It's all just hollow promises with no plan.

I'm delighted with the first half of that headline, chagrined at the second half.

As this campaign goes by, Trump gets smaller and smaller.

Last night further diminished his presence.

one can only hope. but having said that who would replace him. i think we need a new primary

All the more proof she can stand up to putin and his ilk.

TRUMP won the debate.she lost her stamina.she was so confuse and depress

She doesn't look presidential at all.No Stamina No confidence you can even see confusion coming out of her face

TRuMP EXPOSE her.is like a woman walking and her skirt was blown up over her back revealing much of an oddly breathless smell

Two losers in Paradise, vote Gary Johnson for Honesty and NO drama,,,,,, just the truth.

Come on nyt this time why don't talk about who won the debate 😝😝 your Hillary was. A lightweight

I am sure you will get nuclear attack from Russia if Hillary win elections

State Islamic terror persecuted the Jews and your blood will be rivers ...

Tell me American who have huge chances to win the presidential election. Any one have ideas about it

Break. Out the cigars so bill and hillary can celebrate lmao

Yup Trump isn't going anywhere and Hillary, her campaign and supporters are very happy about that.

I am surprised that Hillary isn't going away. Oh wait, she will when justice is done.

And Ambassador Stevens and three others are still dead. That is the takeaway.

And i'm still not voting for a DINO like Clinton. #neverhillary

She is friggin smug. Take some of that hair spray out of her nest & then ask her a question.

she is a warlady. while trump is businessman. us citizens must love prosperity without bloodshed otherwise Satan is victorious.

New Video of Don Is the 5O year old video ...black and white Don
Alls shades grey 50
Years 50 years ago
Donald Trump ???
https://youtu.be/rQNRJXx_nx4

Trump...sniff sniff ..again ? Still the cold...or amphetamines and cocaine...that ranting paranoia was the rant of a Meth Addict.

Listen clinton supporters...new york times claims the earth is flat...

We all could hear the crickets in Trump's head when he was asked most of the questions.
 No wonder he was following Hillary all over the place. All he could think about was grabbing some P---y

i hope is all this shilling for hillary cost you millions and the lost of billions when she gets her but kicked all the way to prison.

How decrepit does one have to be for them to not notice flies crawling around their eyes? Geez

man is very particular, but never hidden his way of being, we intend to perfection? hilary has been very cautious, never to kicked the board, short proposals, more of the same ,,,, Donald is bold, and their proposals are more there, it's time for a change, we need the determination of donald

Hillary is a felon and someone must put her in jail. She broke several national security laws.

On the brink of dictatorship.

Trump won

Please, does there really need to be a third debate?

Trump won the debate by a large margin and we all know it

Hillary will stand - all the way to the White House!

Hillary won the 2nd debate?

It's actually very good strategy for Clinton to not "put away" Trump in a convincing manner - one which would support growing GOP calls for his ouster.   Trump is someone she knows she can beat - all she need do is have more electoral college votes when the dust clears.  
If the GOP were to put another, more-qualified candidate up against her (they couldn't possibly find a less-qualified one), then her team would have to start all over again developing a new strategy -  with a steep learning curve and no time for any mistakes.

Donald Trump is an absolute disgrace to himself, his family, his party, his country and the entire human race.  He is the lowest of the low.  He is beyond a bully.  He is disgusting and evil.  I have never seen a public figure act in a more deplorable manner in public than what he did last night. He is vile.  If he is elected the world will rue it forever.

Anderson copper as a moderator pointed Donald Trump not to interfere Hillary , while she was responding to Trump absurd rhetoric  ... Trump overwhelming posture seems to be the outcome of desperation..

For over a year now tRump has said over and over again that Hillary doesn't have the stamina to be President. But at the end of last night's debate he said that she is tough, a fighter, and never gives up.  I wonder which he will deny saying when/if called out on this contradiction ?

Trump at his best , keep rocking . Media's at its worst .

Really is that what the Associated Press who pays for you mr. New York Times have told you to post throughout the internet I mean come on everybody knows mr. New York Times that you are very liberal vote Democrat so please be the un official fourth branch of government like me you're supposed to really be intended to be and not be brought up by the rothschilds  and George Soros who those two or own of the Associated Press in return who owns you

He knew he gonna loose but he will fight to the end

No bias here, pfft

Threatening to put your opponent in jail, calling her the Devil - the fascist knuckle-dragger in Trump was on full and open display last night.   Worst major party candidate for President  in the history of the United States.

Keep trying to prop her up. Trump landed deviation time after time

Dump the Trash Trump

Trump 2016 !!!

She's way more than 'still standing', NY Times.

For Trump and all his followers quoting right wing blog nonsense about Hillary defending a rapist-
.
Someone has to do this, every day, in our country
Someone will be doing it for Trump, when his pending child rape case goes to trial. 
http://www.independent.co.uk/.../donald-trump-accused...

I guarantee some lawyer will be highly paid to defend him against the accusations of sexiual predation. And Trump and his defense team are  already smearing the accuser.
. 
Bringing this up in the debate suggests his debate prep was reading right wing propaganda blogs so he could appeal to his poorly informed right wing base.
It's already been debunked, but willfully ignorant people will enjoy repeating it without ever looking into what actually took place.
Let me help you, start here
http://www.factcheck.org/2016/06/clintons-1975-rape-case/

I'm voting against another Scalia.

Whos the idiot said that lol joke of the day thx

And the NYT's is still a shill "newspaper".

#letgarydebate

@Don matson you are really sick.you need some medication.

@caryn polson is not no ones but no one! real troll!

He did a lot exposed her as a liar

No hand shake last night.

Too bad!!!He should GO AWAY!!!!!!

by the way, im still trying to figure out how you delete 30,000 emails "randomly".  while under an investigation.  that's pretty odd.  I mean, deleting one email by accident?  sure.  30,000?  while under investigation?  that is quite the coincidence.  it figures that she dodged that question and blamed putin (yet another scapegoat) for her problems.  or even blaming abe lincoln for her lying!  and people wonder why she lost the debate?  cmon.

Hillary says his biggest disqualifier is "TEMPERAMENT".  TIP: Don't let "temperament" be your disqualifier If you are looking for a NEUROSURGEON to do your brain surgery.  (No, this isn't brain surgery, but it is about saving a country.)

Trump 2016

Nice try, moonbats. She's done. Stick a fork in her.

Get out of the way Mr Trump. You are a loser.

Founder of Wikileaks says vote for Hillary is a vote for war

Tax bumb

Dum trump

Lol. NY times isn't going away to defend Clinton

Being defiant, and standing behind and circling his opponent puts  nothing to rest. He can't be told to stand at his podium like a normal candidate?

http://www.npr.org/2016/10/09/497056227/fact-check-clinton-and-trump-debate-for-the-second-time

And Clinton is going down under

it is impossible to be on the same stage as that man and come out looking good.  The fact that Hillary did look serious and calm under his bullying speaks to her character.

Trump is a big loser,Hillary could help him attain/secure a position.

Its looking He the threating her

http://therapistandthethief.blogspot.com/2016/10/bill-and-hillary-clinton.html

GO Republican ! US ! US !

Ok

Both crooks

Founder of Wikileaks says vote for Hillary is a vote for war

Founder of Wikileaks says vote for Hillary is a vote for war

Was he drugged? Spoke in a monatone  voice.

This is what the GOP has offered the nation?  Disgusting.

omg people he wasn't allowed to talk .now with that said  how do you think he could answer any questions.he had 2 minutes hillary had 6

What a crock!  You must've been watching a debate in a parallel dimension!  😂😂😂

https://www.facebook.com/MicMedia/posts/1250947058261415

Hillary is a CRIMINAL/LIAR and WORST presidential candidate EVER!!

Clinton won.  Trump showed desparation.

https://m.facebook.com/?hrc=1&refsrc=http%3A%2F%2Fh.facebook.com%2Fhr%2Fr&_rdr#!/199049746935671/photos/a.199051206935525.1073741828.199049746935671/679867442187230/?type=3&source=48

Trump was disgusting. https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01LMBB64O/ref=sxts1?ie=UTF8&qid=1475969053&sr=1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154587953326171&id=686031170&ref=bookmarks

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM

JHIADISTAS ENJOY THE OPPORTUNITY
HA HA
IF ARE UNEMPLOYED
HAVE MONEY
AND WANT TRANSPORTAS PASSENGERS THROUGH CALLS ONLINE
It IS THE OPPORTUNITY THAT IS WAITING IN EUROPE
: D
THE WAY IS OPEN
AS JEWS GOLDMAN SACHS The FACILITATE HA HA
GOOGLE AMERICAN AVAILABLE
WE LIKE MUCH OF WEST HA HA http://www.colegioweb.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/jihadistas.jpg

Coming from newspaper that made murderous #FidelCastro's career: http://bit.ly/2dmCVTP  Nobody believes you. #MAGA