Hillary Clinton won the debate by miles and was assertive, educational, intelligent, civilized, well-mannered and well spoken but Donald Trump was at his rudest, obnoxious, disdainful, disgusting, disrespectful and totally uncivilized towards Hillary Clinton. He threatened to send her to jail if he became the president was the most abhorrent, disgusting, distasteful and perfidious statement that I would have he ever thought that this obnoxious man could have made. 

His attitude towards Hillary Clinton was typical of a male chauvinist, misogynist, arrogant, conceited, self opinionated, ill-mannered, rude, silly, mad, idiot, racist, lewd, hate monger, war monger and an evil monster. This man should be locked in a cage and never let out. This man must never be allowed to become USA president because he is simply a mad man and evil monster with low IQ. After this debate, Republicans must disown this idiot as one of them.

Trump was successful in the same way rich people become financially successful by being born rich. In other words, he only did well if the bar was lowered to the ground so he could step over it.

If people in real life answered questions like they were taking part in the US Presidential Debate: 

"Hey John, I'm planning on going somewhere tropical next month. Do you have recommendations on destinations?" 

"Well Peter, holidays can be tremendous but ISIS doesn't want you to go on holiday and China is planning to use all of our holiday days so we may we may never be able to go on holiday again. Especially if Obamacare continues to ravage the economy in such a tremendous way. I propose that we take back our vacation days, kill ISIS and make holidays great again. Tremendous. 

"Okay, so Mexico?"

The republiCONs have crossed an incredible line. Trump said if he won he would have a special prosecutor en prison her. He is threatening to make her a political prisoner. Any remaining repugs will be jumping off this sinking ship like rats!

The only thing that Donald Trump did not do was to abuse Hillary and call her by bad names and but he left no stone unturned in insulting her. I think that it is the kind of attitude he shows towards women. He is immoral, unethical,  debauched, lewd and a shameless person who has no conscience of guilt.

What causes fights and quarrels among you? Don’t they come from your desires that battle within you? You want something but don't get it. You kill and covet, but you cannot have what you want. You quarrel and fight. You do not have, because you do not ask God. When you ask, you do not receive, because you ask with wrong motives, that you may spend what you get on your pleasures. James 4:1-3 . .

https://fullgrownministry.wordpress.com/2013/03/19/one-source/

Trump, as always, said nothing. Just bounced around the same garbage. Unfortunately, he's not the only one in his echo chamber.

If you read the NYT's you're* misinformed. We have the internet now. In the age of information, ignorance is a choice.

Hey here is a challenge for both at the next debate , I challenge them to NOT speak negative about each other, NOT mention emails or taxes, and NOT mention what the other will or will not do, and ONLY answer the question with what their OWN plan is.

I did not watch the "debate." I don't tend to. I decided early on that they really don't communicate much of substance.

But as I looked at the posts afterward, and even late in the festivities, and the blood sport atmosphere, I saw one post by a friend that struck me as most appropriate: "MAKE IT STOP!!!!" :-)

Donald Trump is running the greatest show on earth! He is playing the fools and taking the sucker born every minute! He boasted in the 1990s how he could make a profit on running a presidential campaign. He is doing that. He made his money by being a scammer, huckster, and player. Trump will make America great again? He will bring the jobs back again? Truth people, the jobs will not come back again. Manufacturing like we once had with good wages is not coming back. The economy is global now, corporations do not want to pay the chinese $4.00 per hour. So they move their companies to places they can pay even less or roboticize their factories to have no employees. They are never going to come back and pay the wages they once did. Even if you put a tax penalty on the goods they ship back here, it is still cheaper to pay the penalty and stay off shore where wages are almost nothing. Manufacturing brought us back from early recessions, people made money and spent it buying houses, cars, etc. Manufacturing accounts for less than 10% of the workforce now. It was once more than 30% of the workforce. Truth people, you will not make America great again with wages that are not even $15.00 per hour. Even if a married couple each made $15.00 per hour, you will not have it as good as your parents did. No president can make America great again! This is not the same era of FDR! The WPA worked because we were still a young country building our industry and infrastructure. No president in this era can duplicate that. In a global economy it will be some time before the jobs and wages come back again. You can not change or stop the global economy we are here, this is the future! Donald Trump can not change this! Nor can he make America great again!

Trump is a man with a vision for America, not a specific vision, a great vision...the best vision...Trump has a plan to make this country great again....What plan??....a great plan...a plan that will work because it's the best plan.....Why???... because Trump knows good people...which people???....the best people....people that are not stupid like other people....people who know how to get deals done...what deals???...great deals...the biggest deals... because I know words... What words???...I have the best words... I get my information from watching TV... I consult with myself because I have a great brain... A great brain???...the best brain...Trump will also build a big wall to keep Mexicans out and he will make Mexico pay for it!...How....??? its all part of the great plan!...ISIS will be gone very, very quickly...How???... I won't tell you.. It's a secret !!!... (This guy is a “one-man circle jerk” and he is only about entertaining the uneducated who love him and his great plan. He's all air - no substance. And he is their “Champion”.)

Please feel free to copy and paste!

I saw WWE Raw a day early right? Just as rigged, just as silly. If this doesn't scream we need Gary Johnson then this nation is lost.

So let me get their straight... Hillary defended a child rapist, had people killed in Benghazi, deleted 33k emails on a private server, systematically created and armed ISIS, had 6 billion dollars unaccounted for as Secretary of State. And the media doesn't care. Donald Trump said something 11 years ago in a "locker room conversation" and the media is now going crazy. The hypocrisy is astounding!
#AmericaStandsWithTrump #TrumpPence2016

It was good to me that Hillary and Bill had to look the women in the face that they abused and Bill looked like he wanted to crawl under a rock, all that guilt pouring out. Great job Trump you focused on the issues and stayed focused.

The only thing that Trump did not do tonight was bring CIGARS for everyone in the audience.  Maybe he's saving that for the next debate.

The Holocaust began with xenophobia and ended with the lives of millions of people #nevertrump

I believe Donald Trump endorsed Hillary Clinton with that last question. Can you name one thing you respect about each other?

He could not sit still he was constantly sniffing who knows what and blaming her for everything---total bully---

Threatening to put your political opponent in jail. Why is this not a bugger issue? This is something Putin would do.

Putting your political opponents in jail is what third-world dictators do. Is that what we want in this country?

Both were terrible - we deserve adults who don't resort to insults

He apologized for the 11-year-old boy-talk...she has NEVER apologized for what she did to Bill's victims.

YOU'D BE IN JAIL! 🖐🎤 #BOOM finally someone calling her out on her corruption!

Trump playing to the Alt-Right the only deplorables left to support him!

Mrs Hillary Clinton won the debate, she's so Inteligent, it shine.

MAYBE AMERITARDS SHOULD GIVE UP ON VOTING AND LET THE MEDIA VOTE FOR THEM

Is Trump gay? Nothing wrong with being gay, but all that hand waving and pursing his mouth and hate of women. Just asking.

I keep wondering what Pete Hamill would be (or is) writing about this election.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

Trump did extremely good, clearly slowly going ahead of Hillary,

Has anyone ever told you, that your logo looks like the next presidents hair?

no matter who of thrse two will the next U.S. president , its very scary for the world and I'd say also poor Americans . o.O

Trump had an impeccable performance, sharp, precise, firm, took her mask down and at the same time presidential ... the leader we need! Very proud!
Trump's line distinguishing Honest Abe Lincoln and Hillary was pretty good — Jim Merrill (@JimMerrillNH) October 10, 2016

Was Trump on drugs? All that sniffing again?

Trump and Pence all the way to the WHITE HOUSE make America SAFE and GREAT Again AMEN

n their own words: Senior GOP figures rescind Trump endorsements, call on him to drop out 
http://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2016/10/08/how-senior-gop-figures-are-reacting-to-trump-tape-in-their-own-words/

The New York Times is a government sanctioned propaganda spewing corporate welfare taking corrupted organization. Has not told the truth about much since before 9/11/2001. Shameful. Never Hillary. Never Trump.

We didn't miss anything. We watched every second of it. We have our own opinion about this debate. Actually, all questions were fantastic!

Trump won the debate hands down .He called hillary out for the liar she is.

it is not the chicken who need testosterone implement but young american pro puberty hussein do you imagine people in mexico or china or qatar ask to president 2+2 or compare a business MAN to heidi

I SHALL INCREASE THE STARS.

I express here that My candidacy to the U.S. presidential election in November 8 as an independent candidate.

My running mate is Keiichi Sakagami (My brother).

For the presidential election, Senate armed services committee (Mafia mccain family) doesn't have any authority.

About crazy interference of Mafia john mccain, it is just an ultra vires act (State Crime).

My nationality (Japan) matter is, US Citizen should determine it.

I am NOT a reserve of Mafia john mccain family. 
 I'm FREE.

My campaign pledges are Suppression of the IS, Al-Qaeda, Taliban and North korea.

Another pledges are the annexation of Canada, Mexico, and Bahamas.

The candidate who shows many policies such as the World reorganization, establishment of worldwide acquisition of resources, neighborhood territory acquisition, IS & Taliban extermination, Fiscal reconstruction, improvement in public peace and ID confirmation & gun tax, to the offer of various means of transportation specifically a linear motor car & the Shinkansen, and a fair progressive tax system, about the presidential election is only Me.

I already showed even several concrete military strategy cases (My note etc.).

An abstract slogan can see almost no concrete policy for a candidate for anyone but Me.

It's because itself is their final goal, to assume US president for very incompetent them.

Exchange of trying to obstruct other’s foot by a slur isn't very ashamed current state.

You must not supposed to choose the incompetent president who becomes a laughingstock of all over the world by shabby correspondence of an offshore oil field accident in the Gulf of Mexico.

The stupid president who is a shameless person with the name as "obama care" wouldn't disappear into the insurance system that his subordinate drafted forever as a stain of American history.

The most important element is how much HUGE outcome I achieved after the president assumption.

If we were elected, I would appoint Hillary to the VP.
 I also want to appoint Donald as a secretary of the Homeland Security.

Try Me.

Hillary Clinton did horrible Trump won trump pence 2016

Hillary clearly doesn’t understand carried interest.

Best part of night #muslimsreportstuff

I checked 18 polls.  Trump won 17, Clinton 1.  That's decisive.  Millions voted.  Most probably millenials.  If the third parties were on the stage, we know what would have happened in the polls.

And they were all wearing cups!

Trump won

Trumps new reality series, Coke Wars!!

Nothing. That's what I missed.

... Muslim lady asking about islamaphobia and trump responds with radical Islamic terrorist.    Did anyone capture the tone deafness of his response and the serious lack of indifference??????

There's his widdle finger

Veteran's and small business owners for Trump🗽😎😍💪🗽

The fly!!!

They are disaster on the debate.

Too much waaa waaa waaa from the sniffling tangerine.

He mopped the floor with her tonight.

It was a total waste of time!

Trump's latest devastating earthquake Hillary Atcol Trump Say Trump earthquake

I think tonight's debate winner was Martha Raddatz

DT  - the stalker

Nobody believes Ny time's anymore. Lol
🗽💪😍😎🗽

Trump won the debate. Yaaa
🗽💪😍😎🗽

new job for Trump:

https://youtu.be/wbkS26PX4rc

GO TRUMP ! US ! US ! US !

https://youtu.be/t63Wu79dAz4

Trump is snorting again. I think he has COPD. I can't believe he threatened to jail his opponent.  3rd world dictator territory

By her state crime (TREASON) with w obama & Mafia mccain family.

Trump still with that agresive actitudes,  he denied any wrong, he really don't care about the questions from the public,  he is deplorable and despicable.

Donald, he isn't answer for anything. All the time his answer to every question is :"She lies. She lies all the time. She is always talking in 25 years about solution but nothing hapen". So what is your solution for your answer. You have no respect to Hillary, or any solution for the problem they ask. You just jealous because she has more time than you, even just  a second. How hilarious, you're running for nothing. How possible for you to respect to your people when you become a president, while you have no respect to your competitor and the audience at the moment..LOL

https://www.facebook.com/newtgingrich/videos/10154556135739197/

Wajih Uz Zaman Khan

http://www.newsmax.com/Headline/donald-trump-press-conference/2016/10/09/id/752438/?ns_mail_uid=100851538&ns_mail_job=1691295_10092016&s=al&dkt_nbr=anwglmik

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=259Iqt79flk

Lorena Val

https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=313355055712832&set=p.313355055712832&type=3

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2xjZVlOtOM

http://www.newsmax.com/Headline/donald-trump-press-conference/2016/10/09/id/752438/?ns_mail_uid=100851538&ns_mail_job=1691295_10092016&s=al&dkt_nbr=anwglmik

Urgent
Amazigh People in Libya are at high risk of facing a genocide and mass killing.
Minority Rights Group International (MRG) has issued its 2016  Index of People Under Threat. Where this year, Libya ranked #12 in the world in this index. 
The index shows that the threatned groups in Libya that face high risk of genocide and mass killing are the Amazigh people (Berbers), Tebu, Arabized Black Libyans (Tawrgha) and Sub-Saharan migrants.
Minority Rights Group International (MRG) is an international human rights organisation founded with the objective of working to secure rights for ethnic, national, religious and linguistic minorities and indigenous peoples around the world. 
For more info:
http://peoplesunderthreat.org/countries/libya/