This is an honest post, no sarcasm.

I am truly grateful for Donald Trump.

Here's my Top 5 on why:

- After tonight's debate, my heart hurt. I walked outside to take the dogs for a walk and found literally dozens of people who had the same idea circled together to discuss the debate. That brought me so much joy.

- This morning and this afternoon, my church spoke about the election, both from the pulpit and in our small groups. Hundreds of people are talking about how we can put our faith before our political beliefs. 

- Every paper in the country is answering a battle cry right now. Whether it's for or against a candidate. At no time in my memory - from Dukakis vs. George H. W. Bush on - have I seen such fervor in American politics. Our journalists are empowered, enraged, activated and impassioned. I'm so thankful. 

- Donald has single handedly brought to light some very ugly undertones in our culture. His words and actions have given voice and permission to people who previously weren't so vocal about their own beliefs that mirror his own. And I want to know who those people are. I want to hear them and I want to talk to them. It is my call to love them first.

- In a society where we have come to prize voting for reality show contestants over voting for our elected officials, I honestly believe that this man bridged the gap in a way we may have never been able to without him or someone like him. His following, no matter how revolting it may be to many, has mobilized tens of thousands of people who would otherwise have stayed silent. Whether we want to hear their voices or not, they are in this country and they are our neighbors. They are our brethren. 

Friends, I don't have to swallow my pride to type these words. I in no way endorse, support or condone Donald Trump, but I do endorse, support and condone what has been brought forward because of his hate speech, his affront on our people, his disregard for our safety and his continuous ignorance on the very operating system of America.

The confidence I have in us as a people, as a voting body of intelligent minded human beings with the ability to love one another and to be the kind of example for the world that we hope for globally... Yes, I believe in us.

It is not darkness that will drive out darkness, but rather light. I beg of you - for every person you want to dismiss, disown or condemn who sides with this man, I beg of you to be the light. I beg of you to see them first as the person that they are and to recognize that there is something in them, in their own personal history, that has brought them to this point. I beg of you to go high when they go low.

I beg of you.

We are truly stronger together. It's not a campaign slogan. It is a counterpoint to the deep divide that is trying to keep us from loving one another. Be in this with me. Do not grow weary. Love your neighbor. Listen to them. Try desperately to understand them and be an example.

This is so much more than politics. This is so much more than right, wrong or the next 4 years.

It is our time. Be with me in this. Fight. Fight with all you have to love your neighbor. We have an opportunity here. This is about who we are and how we will be known. We are either of the light or of the dark. Regardless of who becomes President, we will be known for how we have loved one another.

Clinton: "It's a good thing Trump isn't in charge of the law in this country." -
Trump: "Yeah, because you'd be in jail.".
--Best exchange of the entire election!

Hillary will always win, because she is both intelligent and qualified, neither of which Trump can claim to be. He has zero grasp of foreign policy and is having difficulty stringing words together to make a coherent statement. He was also acting like a creepy stalker.

Clinton kept her cool, it wouldn't have made Americans respect her more if she had flattened him. His action of physically and publicly bringing her husband's indiscretions to his argument did not bolster any arguments. He made it clear that he doesn't understand the office of President at all and Clinton made it abundantly clear that not only does she understand it, she has an extraordinary grasp on the facts of every situation and clear strategies for tackling them.

If you were going to take a plane trip. Would you want an experienced pilot? What if that pilot was that person you have disliked since childhood? It was the only flight going your way. You had to go. The pilot was the only one who could fly that plane. Yes, many people can learn to fly a plane. But it is a complicated job. It requires years to do it safely. But another passenger comes forward also claiming he doesn't like the pilot. He has never piloted a plane. But he once owned an airline. Yes, it, like a lot of other things he owned, it failed. But he claimed to be very, very, very smart. Smarter than anyone else. So he will fly the plane. He says he will be a great pilot. The best ever. Remember ISIS is bad, very bad. They want to kill. If he doesn’t fly the plane, bad things will happen. Very very bad things. Don’t worry he has plans, great plans. Plans no one has never thought of before. Not just any plane but the one you are to fly on. You can't wait. Who would you want to fly that plane?

Uh, I'm pretty sure Bill Clinton lost the debate. As for who won, that's harder to say. The few times Donald Trump was on track with Hillary's policy mistakes, he blew any chance he had on elaborating why he'd be a better alternative by merely insisting his plans are the best. When asked to elaborate on what he meant by that, all he could say is that these best plans are better than all the other plans. But how are they better? By being the best. Any time Hillary got on track by talking about her policy successes, Trump interrupted... So I guess Hillary? Ish?

One single letter makes a GREAT difference
LEWDER
LEADER
Trump could be a Good Dictator, but never as President of The United States, period.
Trump's life expectancy is only 5 more years, enough time for him to keep grabbing PU$$Y

Clinton won. She was the only one who answered the people's questions and did not keep snorting and pacing or argue with the moderators.

Hillary is going to win. The Donald dug his own grave and if he wants to save the Republican party he needs to drop out the race. Now we all know the majority of Texans are Republican, but do not put your foot in your mouth by voting for this guy. Just take your loss like a boss and keep moving. Maybe next election you will nominate a great canditate.

What is our country coming to, that we have such low expectations of a presidential candidate that anyone thinks he won the debate because he didn't shout obscenities or grope a woman for 90 minutes? The soft bigotry of low expectations, indeed.

We in Russia do not understand why the Americans Clinton. Her whole life is one big failure. And in family life and at work. When her ambassador to Libya was raped and murdered. For this alone it should be dismissed from all his posts and judge.

He still acted all tough and will be on a witch hunt for Clinton if he is elected. What a mess. As I watched it I still feel Clinton is more realistic and trump is megalomaniac who can't wait to cause more war!

Among many others, this comment by Trump was disgusting. Speaking about Captain Humayan Khan, Trump said "If I was president at that time he would be alive today,” The casual cruelty of this statement is shocking. This is not the way you talk to or about people who have made the ultimate sacrifices for our country. It is one thing to talk about whether a war was justified, and another to simply erase the ultimate sacrifice of one man as a talking point. This is another in a long series of inexcusable, deplorable comments about veterans. He has denigrated POWS, Purple Heart recipients, and Gold Star families. Right and Left should be united on this. No one who disrespects vets who made the greatest sacrifices can be commander in chief of the armed forces of the United States of America.

Hillary won because she had a clear grasp of the issues and had to do this all the while by being stalked by a sniffing coward who brought his ladies along to bully! Hillary 2016. God bless Madame President!

And won the debate at the same time ..... give him some credit for finally exposing many of HiIlary's  frailties

Hillary...there only so much distraction u can brew up, in the end, pple want to know ur plans. Bullying and insult is not going to win this one.

Hillary won!!
Mr. tic tac was only sniffing, and making a word salad without answering any questions. Pathetic.

all Trump could say was "she's a disaster". he went on and on repeatedly, never explaining why. looks like a failure to me again...

He avoids annihilation? All he did was sniffle, avoid the questions and double down on his hate speech! He paced around and accused the moderators of ganging up on him! He completely got annihilated! This "man" (loosely using that word) is a complete disgrace to the human race!

America you can't be happy with either of the candidates, I feel sorry for you all, the republican and democrats are trying to justify your presidential candidate, when they are both appalling and as bad as each other, all I can say is just vote for the party as the president is just a figurehead and has no real say anyway.

Mr. Trump does not understand the events in Syria. In Syria, checked the power of America to protect the US dollar as the world currency.

From another "international perspective" - I never like Trump, and I have long held the view that his "The Apprentice" show had some moral questions to answer and I never advice my children to watch it. But the Clintons, they are just as deplorable! Being an adult bystander in the 1990s, I believed what the Clintons (particular Bill) did started the moral decay in American politics. Many people blame the Republican for the mess that was picked up by Obama. But if it wasn't for Bill Clinton's policies, the subprime crisis would not have happened, the half a million Iraqi children did not have to die (yet Albright still deemed this mass murder "worth it").
Surely nobody is perfect. But we are seeing the whole mass media and the law enforcement in America (and the west) piling in to whitewash Clinton's wrongdoings, turning a blind eye to some of her obvious lies and inconsistencies, and downgrade all the revelations as "non issues" or blame the hackers rather than focus on the contents of the leaks - we start to doubt America's democratic integrity.
Is all this just necessary action to remove Trump? Probably. But there is some truth in it to say the media is colluding with the political establishment to misinform the public.
When FBI's James Comey said "it doesn't mean that others who did the same (as Hillary Clinton did) would face no consequence", it seemed the media and the public didn't scrutinise his statement as mush as they should have.
Last point: why we foreigners care about America's politics? Because yours is the strongest country in this world. You can dictate wherever or whenever there is a war. Your wars may started with noble intentions, but in reality you have left a mess behind every military intervention and millions killed. And deep down inside, surely you know the wars are for your maximum national interests.

One liners and snarky comebacks are not what we need to hear from a president. Substance would be nice. And of course,  it was so classy for him to have those women in the front row to intimidate Clinton. She should have had all the people he cheated out of their earnings and put out of business in the front row. Unfortunately it would not bother him in the least because as he has said " I have nothing to ask forgiveness for."

If you actually listened to what Trump said (or, more importantly, what he didn't say) it's clear that he DID get annihilated.  He got in some good one-liners and took some shots at Hilary, but in all other respects, he doesn't have the faintest clue what he is talking about.  Let's not give him any more credit that he deserves.

Clinton won the second debate if it's to be judged on who gave more articulate, measured, and specific answers to the  questions at hand; Trump's renouncing his VP's opinion on Syria and saying he hadn't discussed the issue with him was shocking, and his apology for the vulgar tape was poor--a half hearted "I'm sorry" dismissing it as locker room talk, without even apologizing to the specific woman he made lewd comments about; at one point, he even threatened Clinton with jail time! But admittedly, Trump didn't totally disgrace himself, and he pivoted away from his various scandals effectively over the course of the night. The media will call it a draw, but in a more enlightened world that didn't focus on optics and looked instead at analysis, it's a clear Clinton victory.

Hillary was rattled, and lost. She seemed ashamed as Trump accurately defined her. He shattered her attacks against him- and turned them - effectively- on her. He was great. She looked weak and bad. She is no president. He is.

alan, maybe you are new to journalism so i'll give you the benefit of the doubt.  but you see, given your bias I don't think it's fair for you to assess who "won" the debate.  especially since you can't do anything but criticize trump.  see, if you dont do the same for hillary clinton, that makes you biased, and therefore your opinion is worthless.

Strategically, it is not in the interest of Democrats for Clinton to win this debate, because if she had won decisively and put Donald away for good, then the GOP can commence on telling the voters to vote for republicans down ticket as a check on President Clinton. Now GOP is in a really bad position, because there is still a significant chance that Donald can win, and as such voters are less likely to vote republican in the down ticket. Be prepared for a democrat president and possible democrat majority in the house.

Trump was great Hillary couldn't lie her way out of this one.even blaming Abraham Lincoln at one point in one of her lies !!! She truly is unfit to run this country . We would really be in big trouble!!!!

Trump is so stupid he didn't even realize there's already has been a special prosecution set up and they have determined she didn't do anything

"The cache of emails includes campaign strategies aimed at keeping the public perception of Clinton favorable, focusing particularly on her transparency, especially in light of the FBI investigation into her use of a private email server. The strategies sometimes reveal the campaign presiding over stylistic points and emphasizing what is to be described as “on the record.”

Of particular note is one January 2015 document which includes references to Maggie Haberman. Formerly of Politico, Haberman now covers the presidential election for the New York Times. According to the leaked document, she’s a “friendly journalist” who has “never disappointed” in painting a positive picture of Clinton."

https://www.rt.com/usa/362249-clinton-leaks-press-elections/

Why doesn't Hillary bring up the rape allegations against Trump? He's hardly in a position to lecture her about her husband

Hillarys strategy was to remain cool and non plus   ....Trump left several doors open as he paced the room waiting on opportunity that never came ; in light of the weeks events even his best and most rehearsed criticisms ( e mails Benghazi Wall Street ) had lost much of its sting

Oh I don't think so! Trump didn't avoid annihilation, he finished himself! Rude, disrespectful, rambling, sniffling, lying, aggressive, threatening, stomping, attacking... This pathetic ignorant vile man is cringeworthy, and it is shocking that this repugnant mentally ill individual was allowed to be on our political stage

No one seems concerned that trump threatened an opponent with imprisonment if he gets elected. That's what happens in authoritarian regimes. Undercuts what a Democratic process is all about. No one cares

Legal voters in The US. are now availed to eight years of evidence "As democracy is being destroyed by sociopath individuals, the office of the president represents an inner circle of subversive anti-American entities including the criminal Clintons" and the radical media networks who promote their dangerous agendas

School yard bully, out yelling the little girl, I'm so proud of Hillary for  having the fortitude to withstand this rude screaming bully

My takeaway was that 2 candidates with unprecedented issues with character and trust were on stage with the implication that we must choose one of them. The bipartisan CPD which controls these debate by setting their own arbitrary polling standards to keep alternative views away from the American public is, quite honestly, guilty of collusion and obstruction of free thinking and open discourse. If Johnson and Stein, who are both on enough ballots to win the election, were on stage, the quality and content of the dialogue would have been more substantive and less like a reality TV show. It is so frustrating. The status quo in Washington is choking our country. We're not all blue/red, right/wrong, us/them -- yet the media only presents politics today in this manner. Investigate your other choices America !!!!!

Just a note. Churches are supposed to refrain from telling people who to vote for or discussing politics. They can actually lose their tax exempt status

Trump lost when he staged a carny sideshow of women he was exploiting to convict someone's husband of what he is accused of...
A horrible, corrupt, sideshow he concocted with the help of high corporate sexual harasser in chief Roger Ailes, serial adulterer Giuliani, and political dirty tricks operative, Chris Christie!
That not one had the judgment, wisdom, discipline shows he is unfit as a leader. He is insane...

I was raised to never trust a liar, and because Hillary said;

Its just allergies.
Its just cough.
I got over heated.
I tripped.
I have a cold.
I have the flu.
I have pneumonia.

I don't have a server at home
I didn't use my server at home.
I didn't send or receive emails from my phone.
I didn't delete any emails.
I didn't know C stood for confidential.

I don't trust her.

Here's what Trump is saying;

So many have paid to see
What you think
You're gettin' for free
The woman is wild
A she-cat tamed
By the purr of a Jaguar
Money's the matter
If you're in it for love
You ain't gonna get too far
Watch out boy
She'll chew you up
(Oh-oh, here she comes)
She's a maneater
(Oh-oh, here she comes)
Watch out boy
She'll chew you up
(Oh-oh, here she comes)
She's a maneater

Yeah, he didn't completely melt down. He didn't go full Darth Vader on the Republican party. But there's still a month before election day.

DT won. He was more effective because of his short sentences and use of keywords.
HC told people to go to her site, during a debate meant for explaining yourself.
DT is becoming smarter with his talking points and that's a problem for HC

Trump like a raging bull... trying to intimidate because he has nothing else to give. He is nothing else than a clown. He is the one who should be locked up in a cage.

The people who say he won either debate are only his base of supporters and the country all know the low standards they have. They're proud of it.

CNN, YouGov, FOX all have HRC winning. These are real polls not click polls.

Trump...will you defeat ISIS with money you intend to steal from Veterans Benefits and Social Security Disability while you give all the elite taxbreaks...obviously your taxes don't help America...because you don't pay taxes...explain to me how that makes America Great ?

Dirty 30 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/dirty-30-377492.html 
Girl Asleep 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/girl-asleep-364540.html 
Storks 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/storks-332210.html 
Beauty and the Beast 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/beauty-and-the-beast-321612.html 
Sully
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/sully-363676.html 
The Conjuring 2 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/the-conjuring-2-259693.html 
I.T. 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/i-t-340677.html 
Queen of Katwe 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/queen-of-katwe-317557.html 
suicide squad
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/suicide-squad-297761.html
don't breathe
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/don-t-breathe-300669.html
End of a Gun 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/end-of-a-gun-411632.html 
Goat 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/goat-337874.html 
The Lovers and the Despot 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/the-lovers-and-the-despot-373355.html 
Closet Monster 
http://http://radenjun.trompowsky.site//streaming-film/closet-monster-353728.html 
1000% safe guaranteed.....!!!!!!!!!!!!

.

Who won the debate?
Bill...
By proving he had the worst taste in women EVER!!!

Hillary will win the election because republicans nominated a clown.

This isn't a physics final. The presidential election shouldn't be graded on a curve

He was destroyed - when not stalking back and forth acting like a professional wrestler in the ring he was stewing in anger - he could not even pay attention to what was being discussed or the content of the questions - he is finished.
http://newsanreviewzhd.tumblr.com/post/151602228798/maybe-he-was-thinking-about-grabbing-something

In a more direct way of saying, Trump win.

Trump is a coke head

Not destructing isn't winning, in football parlance: Clinton 56 Trump 3

Seems to me as I'm an outsider here. Trump doesn't know abcd of Syria and most of his answers on domestic issues that he will do his best and highest and so on pretty vague. No solid experience there.

And of course many media members are praising Trump for exceeding expectations, which were non-existent in the first place.

Donald Trump won the debate. I realize this is a one view newspaper, but take yr coffee strong this morning!

CNN poll: Clinton crushed Trump in the second debate:
57 percent said Clinton won compared with 34 percent who thought Trump did.

Some people asked why Hillary did not deliver final blow?
Why to punch somebody who is already on the floor?

Of course The New York Times can't say that Trump won but only avoided annihilation.

All Americans are immigrants, don't you ever forget that! If you do, you live denying yourself! That is insanity.

Breaking Hillary exposed❌❌

Biased media doing anything they can to drag this crooked Hag Hillary across the Finish line! 

Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?!? 🇺🇸

Clinton won the debate

OK OK DT convinced me, I will not vote for Bill Clinton 😂😂😂

Clinton laid out her plan. 

Trump rambled like a drunk on a six day binger.

"Avoids annihilation" seems like a slightly low bar for presidential performance...

"Avoids Annihilation"? LOL! He did everything but slam the jail cell shut on her!

Can we please stop with non scientific polls. It's almost like the GOP invented these things so they can use them as facts.

His debate was with 3 people Clinton an the moderators .hum

You would find more substance at a circus freak show - and less smeared feces too. This "election" is a disgrace.

Alec Baldwin had a good night; next week's skit is basically done.

Best answer Trump was the last Hillary is not a quitters and best from her was she explained how to better health care.

I see you international guess who is hilary clinton love you new president of united state of america...

State Islamic terror persecuted the Jews and your blood will be rivers ...

One boner the family made was leaving at the end while the Clintons stayed and mingled with the people.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

GO WITH TRUMP as--Better the Devil you know than the Devil no-one Talks about....

For the Times, this actually means he had a total victory.

Trump won easy in the 2nd Debate. not even close despite 3 vs 1.

Hillary won in the 1st Debate.

I suppose if you think that menacing, predator-like body language, smirking, nasty insinuations and a bucket full of lies is winning, then Trump won.  If you were at all interested in policy and the direction our nation needs to go, then Clinton won.

Donald trump by long shot

Donald Trump won the debate, despite the 3 against 1 attacks.

As according yet another CLINTON NETWORK'S..paid by the foundation

Trump is the lowest kind of human being anyone could possibly imagine! Wow, just when I thought he hit the rock bottom, he always finds a way to go straight down to hell! Disgusting!

You don't have to choose between Bill's principal enabler and Trump. Vote Gary Johnson. 

BTW before you mention Aleppo read below. 
Hillary,"we were under sniper fire"

Hillary,"we left the Whitehouse dead broke"

Hillary,"I was instrumental in the Irish peace process"

Hillary,"A hateful video caused Benghazi"

Hillary replied “I don’t know” a whopping 327 TIMES during her e-mail investigation. After SMASHING 13 iPads and iPhones!

Hillary," We all knew he was guilty as hell *laughs*" -when talking about a child molester she defended and won for 

Hillary, “floozy,” “bimbo” and “stalker,”effort to cast doubt on the Bill's accusers. 

Wolff: “And Brexit? Your position?” Trump: “Huh?” 
Wolff: “Brexit.” 
Trump: “Hmm.” 
Wolff: “The Brits leaving the EU.” 

Trump,"I remember watching the firefighters on 7/11"

Trump,"I will defend article 11 of the constitution!"

Trump,"I don't know why there are 13 stripes on the flag"

Trump thought Quds=Kurds

Trump,"I don't think my daughter Ivanka would pose for playboy, although she does have a very nice figure, I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter perhaps I'd be dating her"

Trump about a married woman:"Yeah, that’s her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." 
"Grab ’em by the p***y. You can do anything."

How low does the media have to set the bar for trump to exceed expectations?

Trump did and punked Hillary like A RED HEADED STEP CHILD..LOL

Jeff you are of immigrant origin, don't you ever forget that! At some point your family came to the USA? So stop denying your self!

One staged comment about Hillary being in Jail won Trump the debate. We all know Hillary has already been chosen though, and won the war.

Voting is for entertainment purposes only.
-Hillary Clinton

Edge to Trump because of zingers. Hillary was credible. The whole thing was nasty.

The media over played their hand! Trump won that debate and it wasn't even close!

I LOVE HILLARY CLINTON she has done something millions of people have tried to do for years and years she has proven that 3 out of 5 democrats are as stupid as the other 2  job well done

Avoids what? He shut that crook down! She was a bumbling idiot!!! just like all of her supporters!!!

Hillary won the debate.

Donald Trump had set such a low bar for himself after the first debate that showing up with his pants on was enough for some pundits to declare it a comeback.  On style and substance, Clinton was calm, composed, offered detailed responses, and engaged with the audience.  Trump walked around the stage like a lost child, described kissing and groping women without their consent as "locker room talk", defended a regime that has killed its own people, and threatened to imprison a political opponent.

We cannot normalize this.

America is already Great Donny!

Trump wiped the floor with her.

Dump Trump

Hillary

Juanita Broaddrick
Dolly Kyle
Paula Jones
Kathleen Willey
Gennifer Flowers
Women sexually assaulted by the former President Bill Clinton.

This election is a circus.

Clinton her professionalism

Trump is such a baby.

CNN and FOX polls show HRC won !

This race has been over for quite some time.  Trump is simply outmatched and it's not close.  This was clearly evident.  Hillary looked incredible too, and the fact that she's going to be the next President looks good on her.  Trump looks and sounds like an empty-headed clown and bozo who knows he's going to lose.

He deflected the sexual assault comments by mentioning ISIS and beheadings, as if to say that his actions don't matter because there are worse things happening in this world.  That's not a defense for his actions.  He's still a sexual predator.

HILLARY'S HITMAN SPILLED THE BEANS

Martin Glazer the NY Times uses the word annihilate too

It does not really matter.  Trump has been in implosion mode for weeks now.  Those implosions will have a much greater effect on the race than the debates have or will.

I thought he annihilated himself quite well in his inability to come up with one plan and to constantly attack HC with unformed and inaccurate accusations (see fact check articles).  "We have a big plan, a big plan..." Bluster, no concrete details.  I don't believe the man knows what he's talking about, huckster talk.

As a Christian, I have really come to the conclusion that I can't endorse either one of these lovely people.  I am at a standstill and declare that I will not be voting in the coming election.  That is my choice.

He certainly proved himself to be a menacing character last night, pacing behind her as if he were stalking her and getting in her camera shot every chance he could.  He pretty much lied the whole 90 minutes.  I don't think he made one factual statement and he threatened to imprison her IF he were elected, which is unprecedented by any candidate ever!  Just because he didn't implode doesn't mean he got any points at all as far as I'm concerned.  He preached to HIS audence and gained absolutely no votes from his performance.  Worst of all, he denied his sexual harrassment of women which was caught on tape.  He could have come on stage, opened his fly and took a piss and his supporters would still vote for him, but for the undecided I think they are still up for grabs for Hillary.

Hillary is already President.



Trump won last night

Hilary easily....she went up against a child!!!

Dump the Trash Trump

Hillary clearly won the debate but Trump survived. Trump told more lies than Pinocchio.  The format saved him because the people asked the question.  Anderson Cooper wanted to pummel Trump himself but the questions from the people helped Trump survive.  Hillary  missed opportunities to attack Trump when the Muslim woman spoke to Trump about being targeted.  Trump himself missed opportunity himself to prove he wasn't a bigot but he is so I guess their was no opportunity missed LoL

Trump won !

The fly won the debate.

New york times TRUMP leading she looks confuse

Trump won.

Trump won the debate.

Trump did! The media is so biased!

#letgarydebate

Reality TV generation politics at its best.

we won, its all coming out for both.

Great debate for Trump and the American people.   Much better on policy, which Clinton was totally lost on.  Wait to the Republicans hit her on her desire for open borders.  No American in their right mind wants what is happening in Europe to come here.   She is toast.

If Trump loose... America will be gone...

Jill Stein won.

He was deplorable.

Both candidates are joker😄 no offence...

Trump is a human catastroph. Still, he won.

I have nothing to say but I told you 😂😂😂

Trump was amazing

Trump JUST GOT MY whole FAMILY AND MY VOTE ....YAYYYYY

The locker room won sadly.

Has to be one notch above Hillarys!!

He took it to the gutter and she rose above it.

The adult "Hillary" that didn't need coke !.

Is it true there is a third candidate? What about him?

Fat clown🐷

He lost.

Tax Hiding Machine Trump😉

US ! US ! US ! Trump

@

https://youtu.be/_iqc_MAO5jU

Nyong

Will the media invite the victims of Bill and Hillary on their shows tomorrow? They gave ms. Universe days of media coverage.  Victim shaming is deplorable

These two assessments of who won the debate tonight is a perfect example of both the wide divisions in this country and how bias has been driving this campaign instead of facts......................................“I may not care for Trump, but he beat Hillary tonight fair and square even with Martha Raddatz trying to defeat him.”
Erick Erickson, writer for the conservative blog The Resurgent.....AND.......   “Donald Trump knows he won’t be president. He’s now in full carnival-barking, network-launching, party-nuking mode — a scowling, pouting menace who threatened during a nationally televised debate to throw Hillary Clinton in jail and called her husband the most sexually abusive man in political history.”
Ron Fournier, writer for The Atlantic

She is Not good for India. Understand

A person who do not pay your taxes are able to run for US president? Someone that stole from a nation and admit it in public is able to run free?  This is not a Federal crime in US? someone answer to me... Because i am really don't understand how the American justice works.

Donald Trump won the debate no question.  Even CBS/Frank Luntz's focus group and Nate Silver's Fivethirtyeight discussion tonight pointed to a Trump win. The pundits (outside of the WP and CNN) and the people agree that Trump won.

Looks like  Donald Trump trained for this debate by squaring all of his remarks to reach Pepe the frog.

No,  he did not "avoid annihilation." 

He annihilated Hillary.

I don't care who won this debate.  Donald Trump is a PERVERT.

Did you see bill Clintons face when Donald Trump was telling the truth about him and what was crooked Hillary doing hiding behind that fake  smile again trying to laugh It Off I don't see it as any laughing matter

Clinton (and family): drug money laundering, illegal arms manufacturing involvement, stock market manipulation, Benghazi incident, deletes 30,000 emails, - that's ok.

Donald Trump makes a vulgar comment... Everybody loses their mind.

https://m.facebook.com/?hrc=1&refsrc=http%3A%2F%2Fh.facebook.com%2Fhr%2Fr&_rdr#!/199049746935671/photos/a.199051206935525.1073741828.199049746935671/679867442187230/?type=3&source=48

Hillary Clinton.

Luani

Pava

Certainly not the person who said "Russia is new to nuclear."

A must read for Hillary fans ... (Trump fans will like it too) -- a stroll down memory lane ...  https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocratsLogic/posts/1797343837150190:0

We know who lost...America.

http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/carrie-fisher-donald-trump-absolutely-coke-head-article-1.2824359

https://twitter.com/PDChina/status/785379689376260096

It was a great presidential show. We immensely enjoyed it with our popcorn in our hand.