Good. I'm glad she didn't shake his hand. This is not a man that deserves respect, especially from women.

It's amazing how easily everyone is distracted with personal insults, when the fact of the matter is this man knows nothing about policy.

Trump said if elected he would put Hillary in jail. That is bully boy Trump's favorite weapon: intimidation.

Trump is a good for nothing punk who's had more than his 15 minutes of fame and must now go on to the next attention getting project . His mentally deranged , working class goons should start looking for a new leader to give meaning to their worthless lives.

I almost felt sorry for this man tonight...He is so desperate at this point and so incoherent he just cant answer questions or put together policies. He is good at insulting but thats all he has left..embarassing. Hillary stood her ground and sticked to her message mostly. Very presidential, very coherent. She should easily maintain her lead.

The Donald was completely unhinged and psycho, while Hilary was poised, gave actual plans, and answered questions and yes looked presidential

I don't blame her. Shaking hands is a respectable action. He doesn't deserve it. Especially after his failed attempt to bring up BC's past.

His answer to sexual assault comments were he's going to "Kill ISIS". Really?

Mr. Trump answered no questions. He wasn't uneasy. He was the raging predator that he has shown himself to be.

Did I hear him saying he would put Clinton in jail? Reminds me of those two moustachioed guys who murdered millions of people in Germany and Russia.

Hillary Clinton won the debate by miles and was assertive, educational, intelligent, civilized, well-mannered and well spoken but Donald Trump was at his rudest, obnoxious, disdainful, disgusting, disrespectful and totally uncivilized towards Hillary Clinton. He threatened to send her to jail if he became the president was the most abhorrent, disgusting, distasteful and perfidious statement that I would have he ever thought that this obnoxious man could have made. 

His attitude towards Hillary Clinton was typical of a male chauvinist, misogynist, arrogant, conceited, self opinionated, ill-mannered, rude, silly, mad, idiot, racist, lewd, hate monger, war monger and an evil monster. This man should be locked in a cage and never let out. This man must never be allowed to become USA president because he is simply a mad man and evil monster with low IQ. After this debate, Republicans must disown this idiot as one of them.

Trump was a disaster...He never answered the questions, sucked up to Putin, showed his complete lack of knowledge about how government works, said complete falsehoods, started on one subject and ended up talking about ISIS, said he'd address islamaphobia by saying radical islamic terrorists are going to kill us all...lol..unhinged..

I was so glad they did not shake hands. At the first debate, he put his arm around her, and I thought I would throw up. She responded directly to people who asked serious questions, she had specific plans, she ignored his looming presence, she refused to take the bait. I do not understand why so many white male commentators seem to think she was rattled or off-point.

Trump never really answered a question. No details- just the country is so bad. Accusations. Threatened to jail his opponent. Looked like he was on coke-all the sniffling and eerily walking around-couldn't sit down. I could go on but am so disgusted.

He lurked behind her back with an ugly look on his face and tense body language. Only a couple more weeks of his disturbing behavior.

This debate was horrific ... and a stark reminder of what political discourse has degenerated to. Watching this tonight was a colossal face-palm. Honestly, if this is where POTUS debates are headed, let's never have another one - ever again.

Am I crazy. I think I'm going crazy. It just struck me. 48hrs ago a tape of Donald Trump saying the single most vile thing any presidential candidate has ever said publicly, something that would have normally been an automatic disqualifier and at this very moment we are asking ourselves who won the debate!

Watching here in Ireland, what a dearth of knowledge Trump has on every subject - except taxes. And groping. Truly embarrassing for people to have him as one of their choices for Office.

"For years I’ve heard Canada’s popular medicare (the Canadian term for universal health care) system slagged by lies, distortions, and outright ignorance on U.S. radio talk shows and other American popular media (where do people GET this stuff?). And for years, I’ve tried to set the record straight in my online and newspaper columns, having lived in Canada and actually having used their system. My son and his family are now covered by it in Vancouver.

Also, for years I’ve heard from Canadians, in Comments under my pieces and in email, thanking me for trying to set the record straight. They overwhelmingly like their medical delivery system, which turned 50 just last month."

I did not see it that way.  I think that Trump was allowed to speak more & go over his time.
He continually put down a woman in a non pro non gentleman way over & over & the debate holders & ABC let Trump continually go on & on w/ negative banter w/ nothing to back his empty words.

She did not seem uneasy, she was poised and prepared. He seemed rattled and couldn't give clear answers , his speaks in a stream of consciousness style. Word salad as I've heard it described. No plans no policies just complaints and derision.

The only thing that Donald Trump did not do was to abuse Hillary and call her by bad names and but he left no stone unturned in insulting her. I think that it is the kind of attitude he shows towards women. He is immoral, unethical, lewd, debauched and a shameless person who has no conscience of guilt.

She probably couldn't find his hands. They're kinda small.

I liked especially the "You'd be in jail" line. That said, there was some common ground and decency when Hillary praised Trump's children and when he spoke admiringly of her never quit attitude.

Trump is unfit for the office, he knows nothing about foreign affairs or domestic policy. 

His admission that he sexually assaulted women is the last straw. 

Notice how he said that if he were elected he would direct his attorney general to prosecute Hillary and jail her? That was a Nixon dirty trick that failed. We can't elect this man.

Trump must be defeated in November.

Disagree.  With a stalker behind her, HRC had a command of the issues, was articulate, engaged the questioners in the audience.  I think the town hall platform showed us who should be President.

Trump's advisers prepared him to do better with women?? Really hard to tell.  Trump came across as a bully, a stalker and he did not answer many of the questions from the undecided voters.  The fact that he said he would jail her went way too far, he sounded like a dictator. He threw his running mate under the bus, big time.

Hill looked rather calm.  Trump looked nervous and kept sniffing louder and more than he did the first time.  He denied sniffing at all the first time and blamed it on the mic.  Now he's going to blame this debate on two women and a gay man.

He is very unpopular with women already and he was playing stalker tonight. Creepiest thing I ever saw.

I think what Hillary endured, having those women in the audience......she was the victim of Bill's escapades that was played out ad nauseum and punished at the time.  She was a defense trial lawyer with her 1st case taking the one her senior peers didn't want...and the laughing has been thoroughly debunked.  
She had to have been severely rattled emotionally having those women in the audience and with Trump before the debate on fb.  
Trump would rather seek revenge humiliation than be POTUS, including threatening her to her face to lock her up.  What candidate has ever gone through that?  
She did really well.....but my heart goes out to her.  Trump is a dog.

Listen, let's be honest, Trump was himself, offensive. He was insulting in many ways personally to Hillary and to the American people. He used bullying tactics, disrespectful by demanding air time like a spoiled brat and didn't answer any of the questions. 
He sounded like a broken record, you've got to be kidding.

Hillary Clinton trashed Monica Lewinsky after the President got some blowjobs in the White House Oval Office ...  well well ..... and a cigar in the wazoo,  this would of been part of House of Cards and people would say they went too far ... LOL , like the song, Sad but True !!!!!

I always ask myself, "What would Ann Richards do?" She would offer her hand. Remember when Clayton refused to shake her hand at a debate? She beat the boots off him.

Nasty or stupid debate⁉️The 33000 Hilary's vanished emails story sounds pretty "weird", even to a little kid... and everything looks so easy to Trump, when he can't barely respect simple debate rules.

Trump is so disgusting that I wouldn't be able to look at him without vomiting, let alone shaking his hand.

Have you ever tried to debate with your children, where they are very insistent on their position but aren't old enough to reason like an adult? It's very difficult. You try to explain your position simply and rationally but they answer back with "you're mean." After awhile you just give up. It reminded me of that.

He directly answered only one question, wherein he said Hillary actually did have enough stamina to be president. Other than that, he lurked in a threatening way, sniffed nonstop and promised to jail his opponent like a fascist.

I don't blame her for not shaking hands, he clearly was sniffling through out the "debate". Maybe he has a cold and Hillary didn't want to get sick

Trump one Hillary did absolutely horrible he didn't talk about lowering national debt she avoided that questionand she wants to open borders and bring 550% more immigrants and 550% more immigrants coming in means 550% more tax money for her

Trump annihilated Hillary tonight. Hillary and her Rape Tag Team buddy Slick Willy are the king n queen of butthurt land.
The way they both take advantage of vulnerable people is despicable. Just look at Haiti for another recent example of things they "did". Stealing all that Haitian Aid caused hundreds to die terrible deaths this week but they dont care as long as they line their corrupt pockets.
https://youtu.be/phKO2T2pMjM

He claims to respect women & doesn't proceed across the stage to shake HER hand as she did in debate number one. I was glad she turned and ignored his obvious disrespect towards her. Gentleman extend their hand first In greeting a woman.

I am not sure how she "debates" someone that doesn't know how to debate. You answer the questions and provide support for your position. He just one giant word cloud. I've never seen this in presidential politics. Even Sarah Palin knew how to debate.

They should have leave the differences alone and emulate love as part of what leadership teaches. I understand how it feels from the side of Hillary but leaders always have the best to offer. My supports are for Hillary anydays

Man, give the Giants credit, or secondary is actually held up pretty good. Especially with as bad as their offense was doing.

No doubt about it: Donald Trump is a blustering bully.

I'd be a bit reluctant to shake the hand of a man who gathered up my husband's past lovers and a previous victim for a press conference right before a debate session.

"Present is a troubling double standard. Trump is rightfully castigated for his offenses against women. However, Clinton is given an official “free pass” for directly contributing to the country’s selling of its democracy to the highest bidder. Tragically both major candidates are morally unfit for office, yet only one is being held publicly accountable." -- Common Dreams

I think he was ready to, and when she made no effort, and said "hi", he knew she wasn't going to. After that press conference stunt, who would. She was right not to offer her hand.

They shook hands at the end which is more important. And Donald, instead of praising himself, was actually able to give credit to Hillary. She said his kids were ok but then went on about Hillary. Typical of a thirty year politician.

And I think we should give trump a chance in the White House he will do well Hilary has been in government for 30 years and has failed America trump has never been in the government give him a chance let's see what he can do we know what Hilary does we have nothing left to lose at this point

because they are both out of touch 1% brats. AT least trump isn't an illegitimate candidate. SHe's not even allowed to run according to the law but as we saw this year. Laws??? who cares those are for peasants not for SHrillery.

Love all the disdain and hatred from the so called tolerant liberals on here! Can't admit that this one night he actually did a semi-decent performance! Definetly won't win him the election or earn my vote but still!!

I'm glad she didn't shake his dirty hand either.  trump was scary, and tried to intimidate Hillary, but it didn't work.  We know who he is and so does every sane voter. The polls showed that Hillary won the debate.  I just heard it on CNN.  Good for her.

I am definitely voting for Hillary Clinton after this debate. #imwithher

Hillary Clinton US President ceases to be an imperialist country where ivanden, steal, rape and kill in the name of freedom always getting into conflictor they do not own population and stop being so stupid ?.

He walked the debate. Exposed Bill (who looked mortified) on his sexual harrasment and bullying of victims.Brought up Obama/Hillarys role in the rise of ISIS and their support of Al queda/Nasra front. Showed how she is a puppet of Wall St.I actually felt sorry for her at the end...

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

Both wasted precious voters' time to reflect on important issues on which attention was lowered by directing far too many instances and minutes to mud throwing

You don't have to choose between Bill's principal enabler and Trump. Vote Gary Johnson. 

BTW before you mention Aleppo read below. 
Hillary,"we were under sniper fire"

Hillary,"we left the Whitehouse dead broke"

Hillary,"I was instrumental in the Irish peace process"

Hillary,"A hateful video caused Benghazi"

Hillary replied “I don’t know” a whopping 327 TIMES during her e-mail investigation. After SMASHING 13 iPads and iPhones!

Hillary," We all knew he was guilty as hell *laughs*" -when talking about a child molester she defended and won for 

Hillary, “floozy,” “bimbo” and “stalker,”effort to cast doubt on the Bill's accusers. 

Wolff: “And Brexit? Your position?” Trump: “Huh?” 
Wolff: “Brexit.” 
Trump: “Hmm.” 
Wolff: “The Brits leaving the EU.” 

Trump,"I remember watching the firefighters on 7/11"

Trump,"I will defend article 11 of the constitution!"

Trump,"I don't know why there are 13 stripes on the flag"

Trump thought Quds=Kurds

Trump,"I don't think my daughter Ivanka would pose for playboy, although she does have a very nice figure, I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter perhaps I'd be dating her"

Trump about a married woman:"Yeah, that’s her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." 
"Grab ’em by the p***y. You can do anything."

Just quit trying to be neutral... anyone looking for neutrality has already written you off. You can go back to reporting on how Donald Trump is a big meanie.

Would you shake his hand.......there's NO telling where it's been!

I didn't think Hillary seemed uneasy. I wouldn't shake Trumps hand, either.

Im serious baffled to anyone saying Trump won. so low does the needle has fallen. I cant comprehend it.

He stood behind her and around her in a threatening manner.

Am pretty sure the comments will soon get nasty. I just want to say something positive now. I hope whomever reads this that you have a great week!

I was so glad she didn't shake his hand. That would have been a slap in the face to all women.

The whole freaking world was uncomfortable during this debate!

Trump never answered a question with sound and clear argument. He demonstrated again lack of control, he acted like an animal in a cage.

Regardless of who "won" the debate, Trump yet again proved his absolute inability to form coherent trains of thought and bring them into the station. I defy anyone to read a written transcript of the debate tonight and not get a migraine from his responses.

I believe Donald Trump endorsed Hillary Clinton with that last question. Can you name one thing you respect about each other?

He seriously looked like he wanted to kill her. That couldn't have helped his case much.

Watching Donald Trump debating Clinton is like watching an episode of " Are you being served" with Donald Trump playing John Inman.

Trump should be in jail. He openly admitted to sexually assaulting women.

Final analysis showed trump talked one more minute than Hillary....so much for his poor me..you aren't fair to me.

If I were Hillary, I would not shake the hand of a sexual offender either.

She was not uneasy at all. She is unflappable. She's exactly the woman I want at the table with Putin.

I would not shake that man's hand. He has been very clear where it's been.

I wouldn't want to touch him either. Creepy old orange guy. Gross

No woman with even little respect will shake the hand of this disgusting man

I want to watch SNL's parody of this!

Well I don't blame her 1) we have no idea where those little teeny hands have been 2) he kept sniffing like he had cholera!

Umm... Did you hear what he says he does with those hands?? Who would willingly shake that?

Great job, Madam President!

Trump is the lowest kind of human being anyone could possibly imagine! Wow, just when I thought he hit the rock bottom, he always finds a way to go straight down to hell! Disgusting!

You don't know where that hand of his has been. Just kidding. You do know.

Trump did an AMAZING job 
crushing that lying witch Hillary!!!! Hillary was on the defensive the entire debate! Her body language was so easy to read! Pence crushed Kaine and tonight Trump CRUSHED HILLARY!!!

BEST COME BACK IN DEBATE HISTORY?

HILLARY CLINTON: 
"It's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country."

DONALD TRUMP: "Because you would be in jail."

Trump is insane.

The New York Times is a government sanctioned propaganda spewing corporate welfare taking corrupted organization. Has not told the truth about much since before 9/11/2001. Shameful. Never Hillary. Never Trump.

Sorry, GOP, Donald Trump Is Your Monster--It's Time To Own Him - The Daily Banter

Democrats have been predicting this for months and have been screaming at all of our Republican friends and family to wake up to the reality of what Donald Trump really represents. We saw this coming a mile away, but they wouldn't listen. 

http://thedailybanter.com/2016/10/time-for-gop-to-own-trump/

Breaking Hillary exposed❌❌

Biased media doing anything they can to drag this crooked Hag Hillary across the Finish line! 

Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?!? 🇺🇸

She is the one starting the insults, believing he will not do the same. Donald J. Trump is not a politician that must be elected to keep a pay check, he can do as he pleases and bring all President Bill Clinton sexual victims to his programs.

Goooooo Hillary👏👏👏👏👏💖🌹🌹🌹

He looks like a spoiled, petulant child.

How long until Governor Pence officially withdraws from the campaign?

Nothing is more pretentious than referring to yourself in the third person.

Well, given the fact that you don't know where his hands have been, would you?! Rofl

Looks like #DonTheCon actually killed Bill Clinton's chance of being elected president in November.

Trump was not uneasy. He handled himself great. Hillary was unhinged and faltering. Undecideds called Hillary dull and nothing new.

Well she probably needed both of her hands to protect herself from from being grabbed.

I wouldn't shake, either. At this point, who knows where his hands might have been.

He couldn't figure out how to open the bus door. Case closed.

Well, now she knows for sure where his teeny little hands have been, so there's that...

Well maybe she didn't want to now that we know what he's been grabbing with his hands. He's disgusting.

I still have to pinch myself to tell myself this is real, and not in a good way

I don't blame her. Who knows where his hands have been! (oh... wait)

I wouldn't shake hands with that scum bag either.

I give this debate a solid 3 1/2 bottles...as in that's how much of the six pack I had to drink to get through this.

New rule sit the hell down when the other person is talking. ..looked like he was trying to escape from the stage.

MAYBE AMERITARDS SHOULD GIVE UP ON VOTING AND LET THE MEDIA VOTE FOR THEM

The whole world is laughing.In comparison with these two Berlusconi was a statesman... :-)

I wouldn't shake the hand of someone who is not a formidable opponent either.

I don't blame Hilary for not wanting to shake Trumps hands, you know where they have been lol.

Maybe it's because of the press conference Donnie had before the debate?  He's a pig.

Eww, I wouldn't shake his hand either. I mean, who knows where it's been.

Can we just skip the next 3 weeks and vote tomorrow. Hardly any voters are going to change their minds. Just get it over with.

He put her on the defensive, and he deflected constantly, and she wasn't able to get to her agenda.

I thought they were gonna break out with "Islands In The Stream".

There were no Clorox wipes nearby as Hillary did not know where Trump's hands have been.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

If we separate Trump from his money he will have nothing left 😀 I mean nothing. God I could also be rich if I do not pay tax for 20 years . Imagine !!!   🤔

You really don't know where that hand has been while he was backstage grabbing some....

Trump is sniffing again.

It's hard to shake hands when you're guarding your private parts.

Good. I would not shake his hand either. Gross.

Hillary was thinking about how her husband had plans to rape a kid he met off AOL right after the debate and wanted to make sure he brought a condom.

I guess they won't be golfing together anymore or exchanging gifts.

They shook hands when they got off stage . Stop sabotaging  everything!

They did shake at the end- I wouldn't have shaken hands with somebody running down my husband

Hillary kept her cool.

Nastiest debate I've ever seen. I hear they were worse back in the 19th century though. Maybe civility has run its course.

a yr and a half of PROVEN LIES DUMPASS...STOP IT AND GO HOME.

n their own words: Senior GOP figures rescind Trump endorsements, call on him to drop out 
http://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2016/10/08/how-senior-gop-figures-are-reacting-to-trump-tape-in-their-own-words/

President Trump, just totally destroyed lying Hillary!!  He knock the wind out of her, she looked like a beat up fighter in the 10th round!  "Shame, Shame on you Hillary" for being a corrupt lair. this debate will go down in HISTORY has the greatest one side defeat of all-time!!!!!!!!

Issues.. issues.. ignore the man in the orange face.. talk about issues..😩

Trump looks sinister stalling and threatening !

He was so creepy skulking around all the time.

Trump was fully in conspiracy theory land tonight.

I wouldn't shake his hand if you paid me millions

I wouldn't touch him either. Creep!

I want someone to explain Trump's sniffing! What on earth. ...?

He's brought the National Inquirer  to the presidency.

What is the snorting all about?

what a mess

She killed him.

Hillary never lost her cool.

It's because she couldn't find his tiny hands.

Does he know he's out of the primaries?

He'd be grabbing so she passed...

When do we talk about the possible rape trial?

Sad that the country has fallen to this

Don is a com. Fact check this charletan

She's no hypocrite. #ImWithHer

Hillary 2016. I'm with her

He lost, bigly.

Simple  #imwithher

He acted like  a dam predator on that stage.  He was stalking  her.  His body language and face says so much. He has never ever answered a single  question  he has no clue what the heck is going on. Every question he uses it to attack someone  and never has a answer. Stupid, insane bigot   He lies over and over. How can he think  he is  anything. I  hope he has alot of people he has screwed  over to look at the  next debate. What a piece of trash he is.

How dare him call her the devil, when he is the devil?

That Orange Blowhard clearly lost his cool early on.  He lost - badly.  Hillary mopped the proverbial floor with him despite his FrankenTrump hovering as she spoke calmly.  

Oh, and for the record as a Canadian, let me assure everyone reading this that not only have I never had to travel to the States for surgery (nor wait or surgery), I also don't know a single Canadian who has because our tax-based healthcare system actually ROCKS.

#FrankenTrump

TRUMPLERICA.COM

Once again Trump was angry, red faced,  and out of control, sniffing uncontrollably, jabbing, stabbing, flapping its arms, interrupting both Hillary and the moderators, even stalking Hillary on stage, I wouldn't shake its hand either. Who knows where that hand has been today?

He didn't answer the answer on Aleppo, couldn't so diverted to Mosul. He actually suggested that US partner up with Iran, Russia and Syria??  Why not add North Korea in to the mix Donald?  He is unfit, he just is - he doesn't have the requisite acknowledge. Fact checkers are going to be working overtime, of course the Trump folks won't see that - Fox and Trump won't show it to them.

Trump is such a bully ! He seemed to be stalking her while she was speaking to those who asked her questions.  He appeared to be trying to intimidate  her . That made me very angry and reinforced my worst opinion of him...

Thanks to Republicans for picking Trump....because he made it easy to get Hillary Clinton elected President.  Thanks Trump supporters...it's all because of you !!!

Who knows where that tiny little hand has been?!

Hillary did horrible Trump one trump pence 2016

For those who still say Trump is the best option, I'd like to hear your reasons. :) He's like the rich bad child who wants a new toy and does anything to get it.  And do you still think he'd be the ideal president for U.S.A?

Hillary for prison

I do not want to shake his dirty hands either 😂

I respect them for not shaking hands.

#Circus America deserves better than these 2 clowns

Trump won

Hillary was uneasy, Trump was on fire!!!!

He's a sleaze and a sexual predator.  I wouldn't want to shake his hand either.  She didn't seem uneasy.

The end is near

yes its gotten beyond nasty

Coz even a hand shake they refusing each other

she saw he had tic tacs in his hands

I wouldn't shake his hand either.

CAN YOU SPELL MEDIA BIAS, MONGOLOID AMERIPUPPETS?

This picture is priceless !

Hillary = Dilma Rousseff

Both were not reflected as a leadership

Shake his hand ! Yuck, where was it before ?

She didn't want to get any p*ssy all over her hand.

He won she lost so 1 to 1 will see the 3rd one

Trump was better than he was before and I think because of the format given Hillary wasn't able to put him away because the people asked the questions.  However Trump satisfied his base but didn't sway one independent voter to go in his direction.  Also when the fact checks become available his support will be even worse. Trump has no plan and no policy.

Trump was chill'n yo. are you yo gosh darn mind?

To all patriotic Americans,  if you love this country you should never vote for this creature.  This draft-dodging yellow-bellied leech who boasts his personal Vietnam as not catching STDs while others are dying in the fields of Vietnam on his behalf,  should never be the Commander-in-Chief of the finest Military in the world.   It is an insult to the memories and sacrifices of our brave soldiers who died for our nation. 
As an Army vet with a daughter on active duty,  I am outraged  that some members of the Military support Trump. 
The military will be totally disgraced and
damaged by Trump.

Maybe she was afraid he just touched some pu..y

Omg..is this a debate or a debacle!!

Hillary sucks

Who wants to shake a hand that "grabs p...y. "

he mopped the floor with her.............he won that by a long shot

They did shake ands at the end.

And Trump won!

FLY LANDS ON HILLARY DURING DEBATE...

Typical Times pushing false equivalents.

FBI DOES NOTHING ...NEW WORLD ORDER AT WORK....

they did shake hands--at the end. . .

Come on, CBS, NBC, ABC, Fox, CNN, etc., this nonsense should not even be happening!!  You idiots in the RNC; I can't believe you even let that scum get this far!!  Everyone's making this huge deal about the leaked "open mike" comments - when he's done & said way way more immoral, corrupted, selfish and  evil things!!!  God, read a book!  He should've been indicted for income tax evasion and corruption YEARS AGO!!  WHY is everyone ignoring the many things he's done for years, before the present time??

He has no good answers to give, because he has the morals & ego of a 10 year old boy!  Listen to him, he answers every question with hooey and further lame attacks on the other person.  He only wants to be able to say that he was the President of the United States.

It's ridiculous that he's even on TV at all, for any reason.  Where the hell is there any common sense in this country??

YOU have wasted all of our time, effort & your (RNC) millions of dollars with this jerk.  I agree that Hillary is not much better.

Seriously, though! Who knows what he's been grabbing! 😳

She looks like a televangelist preaching against Satan.

Trump won big in this one

what a yawn

Substance people.

RIP Hillary; slain by Trump

Clinton = House of Cards !!!

And this is a surprise because?!?!?

Trump won that debate without question.

TRUMP ! Our President , of US . And God bless our Country .

Glad I didn't watch 😖

حح

💩💩💩💩💩

Zzzzzzzzzzz

Do you blame her!  Who knows where his dirty little hands have been!

He threatened jail for Hillary. This is the action of a dictator  . It's frightening

every time trump criticized hillary she would ignore the question and go off on a tangent.  you can tell she was a lawyer, the only thing she is good at is lying.  and surely not decision making.

Why would a classy woman want to shake that perverts groping hand  !!!!!!!

I would never shake his hand.  Who knows where his hands have been.

Admit that Hillary got off easy re.: classified emails. This is pretty nasty. ;)　 JGD. ----dr.

I don't blame  her. Who knows where his hand has been?

What do you expect from him?.....  he said he's a gentleman......yeah right!  He made me sick.😖

Can someone fact check how much he actually got away with in not paying in taxes.   A monetary amount.

I'd never shake that sicko Trumps hand.  Good for Hillary!

Neither Hillary Nor Trump Is Thinking Of The Americans And America . Both Of Them Are Busy With The  Past Personal  Scandals  Of One Another.

I blame Drumpf.   He is DEPLORABLE.

Trump won, hands down.  Uh, ohh...

perhaps she was afraid he'd make  a grab for her privates

Reasons to vote trump: Truth: http://www.25logicalreasonstovotefordonaldtrump.com/

Truth: http://www.25logicalreasonstovotefordonaldtrump.com/

Nguyen Minh Tien

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2xjZVlOtOM

Our next Donald J. Trump For President