Trump is a man with a vision for America, not a specific vision, a great vision...the best vision...Trump has a plan to make this country great again....What plan??....a great plan...a plan that will work because it's the best plan.....Why???... because Trump knows good people...which people???....the best people....people that are not stupid like other people....people who know how to get deals done...what deals???...great deals...the biggest deals... because I know words... What words???...I have the best words... I get my information from watching TV... I consult with myself because I have a great brain... A great brain???...the best brain...Trump will also build a big wall to keep Mexicans out and he will make Mexico pay for it!...How....??? its all part of the great plan!...ISIS will be gone very, very quickly...How???... I won't tell you.. It's a secret !!!... (This guy is a “one-man circle jerk” and he is only about entertaining the uneducated who love him and his great plan. He's all air - no substance. And he is their “Champion”.)
#NeverTrump

I've noticed that Trump has always had a tendency to accuse others of faults in himself.

Am sure the comments will soon get nasty. So I just want to say something positive. I hope whomever reads this that you have a great week!

He keeps asking what she has done in 30 years? What has he done? You don't have to be a politician to do good for people Donald. What have you done in 30 years?

Trump answers a question about whether he has the disipline to be a good leader by .... going off-track. Not impressive

Your campaign has literally been sustained by hatred and prejudice.

One of these candidates is intelligent, knowledgable and has a decades long track record of public service. And has provided specific, concrete and lucid answers to the questions tonight. The other is Donald Trump.

She has hate..coming from a "violent sniffing pacing angry barely under control madman".. Who through hate on every question because no actual answers.

If one had awoken from a coma this weekend, he/she would have been so confused as to how the GOP could have nominated this guy. Whoa!

I have too. For him.

Trump never answered a question with sound and clear argument. He demonstrated again lack of control, he acted like an animal in a cage.

I don't want to be a liberal, and I don't want to be a conservative, just a decently good man. I've meet people who can't be  friends with conservatives or gun owners, and I've meet people who can't be friends with liberals or tree huggers. Last time I checked, gays, transgender, Christians, gun owners, activists, republicans, democrats, white, black, Muslims, Hispanics, atheists, etc etc, all have red blood running in their veins, and can all die from the same causes. I dislike politics, specially because it pits people against each other. 
Let me share a quote with you all " between individuals, as between nations, peace means respect for the rights of others".

Trump is such a lying bum - when he was managing Trump SoHo development for the Russians he got the steel from China - NOT the USofA.

SHE has hate in her heart? Your supporters have (in no particular order) threatened her life (at your urging), beaten up African Americans at your rallies; used the terms "beaners" & "spics" to refer to Hispanics and laughed while you mocked a disabled reporter. But, hey, just "grab" her "pu**y" and it will be fine. Right tRump?

How absolutely ridiculous. A woman who has spent her whole life on causes for women and children and the disabled. While he has concentrated on building his wealth and stealing from his workers and abusing and belittling women.

Among the many things said, one very noticeable trait during this debate was the loud "sniffling" coming from Trump before nearly every one of his statements. Did he literally snort a long line of cocaine shortly before taking the stage? Such outrageous, petulant behavior.

Trump calls everything a disaster. But he's living high on the hog, so what does he know about all this disaster? He paints African American and Hispanic communities as all disasters, when there are millions of successful, happy and talented communities in America. He does a disservice to all the very positive and successful African Americans, and there are millions of them!

The wife look mad. Sad she was pregnant when stupid trump ran his big mouth. But it really show the NASTY Dirty old man he is.

Oh really?.,, I saw , instead,, hate oozing from every cell of this man,,, 

And he has expressed hate against everybody who is different

Trump threw red meat to his supporters tonight. If you like Trump, you probably loved tonight. However, if you're an undecided voter, Trump's performance didn't help his cause. He gave more of the same, and if somebody is undecided, you don't offer more of what  you've been doing (they've seen it and they're still undecided), you offer them more of what they're looking for. With Trump's polling bumbers, he needs undecided voters much more than Hillary. Trump supporters will never see it, but this was a huge win for Hillary tonight.

How soon we forget that Hillary only won because of rigged elections. How soon we forget that she's been proven to be corrupt and lying politician who accepts millions of dollars from big banks and big oil. How soon we forget all the terrible decisions that she's made the past 25 or so years. How soon we forget all the people that died because of those decisions. How soon we forget.

"Life ... is a tale
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
Signifying nothing."

William Shakespeare, Macbeth

Donald Trump is the one with hate in his heart. He hates so many people with so many races and so many religions and so many sexualities that I have lost count. If you were the lawn order president he should put himself in jail first.

He is projecting again. He has been pacing around like an angry drugged ape.

Yeah, just my opinion but I personally don't disagree. Super-predators, deplorables, irredeemables. I'm not shocked that terms like that might come from Trump, and they fit his tough-talking self-image, but it's perpetually disarming and degrading to hear the comments from Hillary, given her self-image as a unifier and sympathizer for the unfortunate. I mean, those are some pretty awful things to say. They're terrible. Could you imagine Bernie say them? Obama? Even W?

So Trump will ORDER his AG to take certain actions-When Nixon tried that his AG courageously resigned. Trump is dangerous/unfit. Hillary Clinton won the debate and she is fit to be our President.

Clinto will win the race because tamp does nt have minimum political knowledge...business and politic doesn't work can together...real politics is a novel job...so business man can't do this deal ...it is totally different types...

Odd, isn't it, how those who call out haters are called haters by haters? (e.g. I think Breitbart called SPLC a hate group.) Hmmm. I must admit, I feel morally ambiguous about my intolerance of intolerance...

If you look at her story that they had on TV and his. She was involved in the civil rights movement, she was involved with people's healthcare, and she has served as a public servant for many years before she ever held office. His story? He was a spoiled little Prince, a playboy, his idol was Hugh Heffner.  And he has cheated his way to the top with stiffing contractors and bullying them with high powered lawyers.

How can he know what's inside someone's heart? One can know someone for many years and still not be able to read their heart or mind. Only god can do that.

Trump is always pulling off his filthy trump cards like this kind of deception of the people. Making them scared from murder, and projecting hate to his opponent. It is not the greatest way to represent a world leading economy and nation, not even being responsible for his own life and just spreading out these crazy thoughts. As you can tell from thousands of kilometers far, USA is a very divided nation and you have to have a far more conservative president to keep it balanced.

He is such a joke. Is this really what we want he world seeing? Hillary is debating a toddler with turrets...no substance at all...just lies and stupid comments like this.

"when she says deplorables she means it" but when TRUMP talks about women.....it's just locker room banter. LOSER

Clueless....?  😕...What is the the definition of "tremendous hate in heart" mean? (How is it evident?) 

How was whatever spewing out of Donald's mouth made no sense and heartless trash.

He does! There are some adjectives I learned to hate as much I hate the person that says them all the time!
Tremendous, amazing .........,and so on

He is the hate-monger.. And the one most likely to start a global thermonuclear war in the first term. #NeverTrump

Whatever negative thing Trump thinks, does or supports 
He attributes to his opponents. 
Karl Rove playbook is alive and living in Trump.

Trump projects. All the time. As Tony Schwartz pointed out, most of Trump's insults say more about himself than anyone else.

As soon as i tune in to him, start being interested, hoping to have something to sink my mental teeth into he goes back to third grade

she really shouldn't have blasted Trump on women, when all she's done is defended a rapist whom shes been married to all this time.....come on

What we heard and saw was the worst debate in the history of presidential debates! No substance, no policy, no discussion from either about how they plan on correcting what's wrong with this country. All I saw was two 5 year olds, insulting eachother.  It was a complete embarrassment to the office and a complete embarrassment to this country. You both should be ashamed.

Did they both appear "off their game" to you? Both were robotic, Donald would light up briefly when attacking Hill and Hill basically ignored his accusations. What an odd "debate" with, once again, no policy specifics. Really odd debate.

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

He promised to prosecute her. That is awesomely huge. Finally. Someone wants to give us some justice against this evil and corrupt cartel. I'm Voting For Jill Stein on November 8, 2016 A women we can trust. She has not been treasonous.

How does he say this crap with a straight face!?! He is a liar and a low life scumbag and ...oh yeah, a sexual predator.

Ha! It's a psychological condition called "projection"; Accusing your opponent of exactly what you are guilty of.

Trump prepped for this debate with Pee Wee Herman. "I know you are but what am I!"

There he goes again with the insults and bullying. Someone give him a tissue.

all this coming from a man who hates EVERYONE! sniff sniff.

is he running for president or clown in the circus?

Oh the irony.

Hillary Clinton never not once talked about lowering our national dept

Trump was eerily calm, out of character. It was almost as if he's been castrated.

It's so obvious this guy has serious projection issues. He has called Hillary a bully, a liar, a criminal, now has hate in her heart? Wrong on all accounts - but he is defining himself to a tee. This man is despicable, he is a liar, he feeds and breeds hate/stupidity/fear in his "followers" because that is the ONLY reason that anyone would "follow" this jerk. And we must not let this man - or the people who created him (GOP and FOX) - survive if we are to take care of our children and those whom come after them.

He isn't answering questions!  He turns to Hillary and insults her!  He should be embarrassed but he's too pompous to be!

That comment made me so angry. SHE has hate? I can't even.

Oh right, and he loves all people including Mexicans, Muslims, women,, to name just a few.

OMG!!!! He just throws anything, always unsubstantiated, out there! And his supporters swallow it up! I wish they got out of their trance already! Seriously, people! It is unreal but, it seems like Trump was right in ONE thing when he said that he wouldn't lose any voters even if he shot someone. This make me think of The Walking Dead: a bunch of zombies, in this case, just blindly following Trump. They can't see what he does or hear what he says. It's irrelevant to them. Wake up!!!

He had the nerve to call her "The Devil"? Really Seth and Amy????

Hillary hates white supremacists, God forbid.

Lirun Ronen this is literally what they say in the purge lol. Gotta purge the hate out, trump trump trump

Wonderful to cut the most important part of the video off immediately afterwards. The NYT is getting good at it

Question for Mr. Trump: will your proposed health care plan cover your sniffles? Because I heard all the problems in our country but not even one solution for it.

I am pretty sure the comments will soon get nasty. So I just would like to say something positive now. I hope whomever reads this that you have a great week!!!

Anyone else notice that Trump projects himself onto Hillary very frequently?

Hillary has nerves of steel

He has tremendous cocaine in his nose

That comment of Donald Trump is more of tactic to upset his opponent than truth.

I believe Donald Trump endorsed Hillary Clinton with that last question. Can you name one thing you respect about each other?

The New York Times is a government sanctioned propaganda spewing corporate welfare taking corrupted organization. Has not told the truth about much since before 9/11/2001. Shameful. Never Hillary. Never Trump.

I have tremendous hate in my heart......for him!

And what does he call about half of what he said so far? Words of Love and Unity?

She is a VERY hateful person- even her own people will tell you that.

Um donald, nice try. That's your reflection in the mirror.

omg TRUMP.....omg china is dumping steel in the usa hahhaha omg what a fraud!!!1

Yes she does. Her policies are not in America's interest. She has no good points.

It is he who has hate in his heart. Again he continues to practice projection-accusing others of what he himself is guilty of. Sick of it.

I think anytime that Trump says, "And believe me..", People should all shout out..."I don't think so!"

Yes Donald..and she only hates one "Thing"...that is YOU ! Hahahahahahahaa

I guess I missed the moderators stating that this was a no holds barred debate.

This tactic is called gas lighting, and is found in abusers.

Just keep talking Donald, you're your own worst enemy.

Trump é muito arrogante, ele olha como se todos fossem burros menos ele !

The problem with Donald is that every woman knows an arrogant know nothing creeper like him.

That's called projection! He is full of hate so he sees it all around him.

Trump is the Kremlin's "Useful Idiot." His supporters, their stooges.

My ex used to do that: still does. He's a narcissist and abuser.

He's such an insightful person. Yet he can't articulate one single policy that he will be able to do constitutionally...

He is a classic case of projecting what he really believes and feels

How the hell does he know what is in her heart. He really should shut up.

All the things he says of her... Seem to be true of him. Projecting much? Completely delusional

IDIOTS, IMBECILES, AMERIFATS CAN'T SEE CRIMINAL MEDIA BIAS WHEN IT'S RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM

Going to miss you all after the election is over. There have been so incredible comments by thoughtful people. Thanks.

Coming from the biggest winning hater of all times. This man should be in jail

You keep using that word. I don't think it means what you think it means.

Trump got kicked out of his metaphysics test for looking into Hillary's soul...

Yes, and you only see it as they say beauty is in the eyes of beholder.

It's a 360 comment- golden rule -treat others- he gets zero points for his knife stabbing hypocrisy.

Since he's clearly fighting in the schoolyard, I'll reply, "Takes one to know one!!!"

Being he's the most hateful individual on the stage, he should know.

She should have used that hate towards Bills infidelity, but decided to stay with him lol

Did Hilary just support bringing back coal? I stepped out of the room. I hope not

This comment he made was very cruel and just stupid. It was playground BS !

Don't enlist, don't join the military you will really be screwed...don't let them send you to war...

"Tremendous" was probably the word He actually pronounced more than any others tonight....😱😂

I don't support Trump but he is very correct in saying this.

Really? But Donald, you said she was a "wonderful woman who had been through so much..."
https://youtu.be/qmqp0r7oujg

"We have a very divided nation," Yea who was the one who aggravated it even further? HMM TRUMP? HMM DONALD?

Was that a reference to GWB seeing into Putin's heart, or Jimmy Carter confessing to having lust in his heart?

It is Trump who has tremendous hate in his heart.  He encourages those feelings in his supporters.

So who are we going to call "Ghost Busters"! We are in trouble.

No one has more hatred in his or her heart than you Donald.

Can he stop looking at places and start looking at himself, for crying out loud?

Donald is unwell- unstable and shows signs of insanity.

All Hillary has to do is stay calm & on topic & let The Donald destroy himself. She's doing a great job.

Apparently making America great again includes jailing your political opponents like some Banana Republic

Come on people - they are both despicable and frightening. I can't vote for either one.

I thought darth sidious was trying to bring Luke over to the dark side...

She has hate!!??!! But Trump has offended about every type of person in this 🌎!

Can you Trump say you have no hate for women, Muslims, blacks and others in your heart?

The Deviant Donald has NO heart, and his soul is black . . . Faust owns it.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

Psychological projection at its finest, ladies and gentlemen.

And this loser knows what's in her heart? And his is filled with nothing but love, right??

Because he has nothing of substance to say he accuses Hilary of his exact short comings.

The only person with tremendous hate is trump. Is there anyone he has not hated on?

http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/RANCHO/POLITICS/BODIES.php#axzz4MfbbSsSs

she is a bigot, she hate christians, and she hates people that stand for freedom of religion and freedom of speech.

There is another choice. Dr Jill Stein http://www.jill2016.com
 Let your friends know. Share share share share share

Yeah, especially the 12 year old girl  she laughed at and defended her rapist!

Haha...Hillary hate?...funny how all the venom's coming from his mouth.

I'm not for either one of them. Why does both candidates have to be full of 💩

The only hate I have seen this entire campaign has been from him.

I'd be pissed if I was having to debate such an idiot too.

He is always projecting - classic case!

He has hate in his hair

He projects his own shortcomings on Hilary all the time

It's called projection.

Trump 2016 ! That was a great debate! Honest Abe doesn't lie.

https://youtu.be/lKiZn3TClK8 saludos amigos es un gusto poder compartir mi último trabajo musical con ustedes!!! #mrblack593

Hypocrite!

...and Trump has tremendous empty in his head...

She hates  the human rights for Russian speaking dwellers in Latvia and Ukraine!  
BBC has shown the film on 3 February 2016 year – how the Hillary Clinton may murder You and all your family in the horrible nuclear war with Russia because the stupid local politicians in Ukraine, in Latvia who are forbidding the Russian language for the Russian speaking dwellers. So these dwellers are going to protest, and Russia will support them of course as Russia supports Syria now. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r07xEzZ5SpQ
http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b06zw32h
Are you ready to die tomorrow under the nuclear explosion because the political mistakes of this enemy of human rights - Killary Clinton?

AP tweet, Pence has officially asked to be removed from the ticket.

All i have to say to Trump is that Latinos and hispanics is the same group, which makes it redundant every time.

Her fake smile is the tell-tale sign of hate. It's right there. She is whoring out for power.

Trump today a huge Hillary I've put in the corner, and gave them a fatal blow has been exposed today and appeared to be false

As usual , he criticizes Hillary for the very things that he does. Trump is hateful on all levels, amoral and mean.

He's right and where did it come from. Ask Hillarys acquaintances...they are all afraid of her

No, Donald she just loves her country and you are a clear and present danger to all of us.

Donald you have gotten most of us close to feeling that about you. You are not likable.

with trump you get honesty.  with hillary, you get deflection and lies.  not surprising, hillary's entire campaign has been about hiding the truth (and wikileaks exposing it).

Lies lies lies!!!! Governor Gary Johnson for President!!! Gov. Gary Johnson will be on the ballot in ALL 50 STATES!! https://www.johnsonweld.com/issues

Liars usually do have a lot of hate inside them. She's the Devil.

Thats debate was like watching two siblings snitching on each other. They struggled to answer the questions fully.

And I can't wait to pouch her in the face!😄

Ask the women Bill mess with what HRC did to them. "Lock her up"

Trump is a man with a vision for America, not a specific vision, a great vision...the best vision...Trump has a plan to make this country great again....What plan??....a great plan...a plan that will work because it's the best plan.....Why???... because Trump knows good people...which people???....the best people....people that are not stupid like other people....people who know how to get deals done...what deals???...great deals...the biggest deals... because I know words... What words???...I have the best words... I get my information from watching TV... I consult with myself because I have a great brain... A great brain???...the best brain...Trump will also build a big wall to keep Mexicans out and he will make Mexico pay for it!...How....??? its all part of the great plan!...ISIS will be gone very, very quickly...How???... I won't tell you.. It's a secret !!!... (This guy is a “one-man circle jerk” and he is only about entertaining the uneducated who love him and his great plan. He's all air - no substance. And he is their “Champion”.)
#NeverTrump

Trump knows all about hate.

Hate for you, Donald? Totally justified

You got it wrong. "She has tremendous hate in her heart. SNIFFFFF"

tremendous is Trump's favourite word this debate

He always accuses others of faults he himself possesses.

Projection.

I m for Hillary

He is dead inside!

Pot kettle black

Classic projection.

Hillary win again.

I have a stronger hate for him!

Donald Trump for President....of a locker room.

Continuing with the campaign strategy of projection.

Oh my god. Can he be any more dumb.

I could just punch him in the face.

He has tremendous voids in his brain.

He also called her the devil.

Wow.  Project much?

What is he on?

How does he get away with these kinds of statements???

Trump is hater-in-chief

This is the best we have.... Really... Really.... !!!

What does he know about the state of anyone's heart.

projecting

All that's left to do is laugh...

He is awful!

Insanity.

TRUMP IS A CRAY CRAY MOTHER CLUCKER!!!

He's a scumbag

Are you kidding me? Projection

Said by the most hateful man in America

Did her jaw just hit the floor???

I don't like Trump!

Projection at its best, folks.

Projection

Projecting once agsin

Sniff*lie*sniff*lie*sniff*lie

Terrible case of psychological self projection I'd say.

#projecting

#dumptrump #nevertrump

What!!!!

Trump is not winning any points with anyone but his deplorables.

It's called projection.

What a stupid accusation! From the angry man!

Projecting....

And you don't #DonaldTrump? Sleazeball.

Pot... kettle....

What a gigantic POS he is.

He has so much white stuff up his nosr

Jerk

Apparently he has a crystal ball and can read hearts and minds.  He words are filled full of anger and hatred but has zero plan to fix anything...just keeps patting himself on his back and saying how great he is.

What a horrible statement.  So personal and disgusting.  Every immigrant, woman, LGBTQ, refugee, veteran, and disabled person knows who that statement epitomizes.

Trump is a true precocious toddler who has to bring backup with him to the debate.  Bill Clinton's women.  Can't fight like a man without abusing women.  How disgraceful.  He has zero class.   Proud of Mrs Clinton to not be rattled, she is a fighter!!!!

SHE has hatred in her heart? So what does he have in his? What?

He is so very wrong !!! She truly cares about others ! She has ideas and policies to help so many  people of the United States.

Con man cool liar. How dangerous.

No, she doesn't lol

Trump reminds me of the leader of the vampires in "The Omega Man".

It's his new strategy devised by his childish mind.  It's a game my brother and I used to call "opposite day".  I think most educated people know that it is truly Trump with a black heart.

He's amazing at projection, I'll give him that!

Well, Trump is an expert on Hate ....!

How does he know what is in her heart? I  thought was a job for someone a lot higher up. We need to pull together and make it one nation again. All people acting together.

Sad to say but I think he was a plant 😞

Well that's the pot calling the kettle black.

Are you going to cover Hillary at all???

LMAO SHE does?!!!

And he has nothing but love to all in his heart...

Trump is just making word salads.

Trump is the king of hate.

Hello kettle, I'm pot, you're black

The only person Trump doesn't hate is himself.

He has ESP?

Hillary nailed it!

And he has tremendous s**it in his head.

He has no policies. He can hardly form a simple sentence.

He has tremendous lust in his pants.

Why is he lurking all creepy behind her. Hmmm.

Pot calling the kettle black....???? What???

Good question, Karl Becker.



This guy is living in another reality

She has a heart....something he does not have!!

Is it Opposite Day?

Tacky

Hate in his heart is his provinence.

She sure does. She's evil.

The pot calling the kettle!!! Ya think??

Says the king of hatred. He is the definition of hatred.

Trump continually projects his own flaws on everybody else.

Once again, trump described himself.

I think this is called projection.

Donald Trump is the KING of Projection !!

Trump doesn't know he's the pot because he says he's not black.

He's projecting again.

What a bloody hide this man has!

And she's the devil😠wtf? And she will be our president.

Are we psychologically projecting now, Mr. Donald?

Pot, meet Kettle.........

Dump the Lying Trash Trump

Projection, projection, projection. "Believe me"

Yeah, true, she hates you as much as so many of us.



HE NEVER ANSWER THE QUESTION RIGHT! And he keep accusing Hillary this and that and NEVER FORGET HE DID ALOT OF THING HURTING PEOPLE FEELING INCLUDE The disabled!!!

That statement was so off in every way...I was stunned!

For him, very likely.

Only for you, Donald....

says the man who hates all minorities.

Hillary nearly burst out laughing when he said that.

WHAT???

Just the issues... 😩

Yeah, THAT was a good one.

Shows more about his dark heart that he would say that.

CAN YOU SPELL MEDIA BIAS, AMERITARDS?

Is he wrong tho? #grabherbythepussy and find out 😀

A loving kind seasoned intelligent admired woman

Donald Trump totally won the debate!  His Lincoln remarks and the jail remark were classic!  Huge win!  He was fighting three against one and kicked Hillary's butt!  Martha actually argued with him!!!!  Martha was not supposed to be debating Trump, Hillary was.  TRUMP HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!

That is B.S.

It's called projecting.

says the guy with obvious hate in his heart.

Lots of projecting on Donald's part tonite.

El circo de estos dos es lamentable. Peor Trump...

She DOES...

Dear neighbor,
The dream is....Keep Obama for another four years,   time to find a good candidate.....
Reality is....Vote for Clinton (You really want to give the nuclear codes to Trump ?
Canada

Trump won the night.

TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT

hillary you have a problem. called dolnald trump

that is pretty funny coming out of his mouth

Translation: She hurt my feelings.

Talking about himself.

What would he know about a heart.

Was shocked at this statement.

PSYCHOLOGICAL PROJECTION!

Trump knows nothing about most things except puffing up his own ego

What the hell is he talking about?!

Call the Kettle!!

#letgarydebate

shut the f up

Trump goes off track the whole debate.

I see love and caring.

Open the Debates...

Great final question. Hopefully I can sleep now.

More projection on Trump's part.

Isn't that called projection?

False. Who else would stay with Bill.

I need an awkward emoji face.......

Coward.

Hello Pot. Meet kettle!

She does and so does he.

He's an a$$... nothing new

Truth!

There he goes projecting again! Lol

He is now able to read others' ,hearts?

How is this journalism???

You do...but what am I? Pee-wee

lol, for him, maybe.

Specifics, please, Donald?

He's right

He has hate in his heart !

I can't stand Trump. He lies about everything.

Total projection.

Projecting much??

Projecting once again.

Project much Donald?

Who has hate in their heart?

Completely ironic

Sniff

He's the one with a black heart...

Tremendous hate in her heart? He's like a toddler with turrets.

#trumpisatoddler

He is spewing hate

He has a filet o' fish sandwich for a heart.

Look in the mirror, trump

Ridiculous man

He is a crack addict

Lol

He is such a db

She sure does.

OMG!

He's a freakin madman

#nevertrump

Sniff

Says the man with no heart.

If she does then he inspires it.

Pot meet kettle

Yes, for Trump

Where's the tranquilizer dart?

You too , made me smile lol

He hates very body

She hates intolerance and bigotry.,

Projection?

Now how are we gonna fact check that...? 😳

She does have hate and lots of it

He is merely projecting his own hate

He is the bully hater.

Clinton = House of Cards

😠

Says who?

He's nuts. Plain and simple.

drumpf = 💩

Hillary doesn't  give a f☆uck bout America. She is here to help pple in war and to create more terrorist groups. Every world leader want trump bcos he is going to have 0% tolerance for terrorism.

Es un Títere de si mismo.

battle of the Oligarchs.

Trump was on drugs sniffing like crazy

Our next President of the United State Of America Donald J Trump

Talking about yourself, Trump?

Nevertrump

You bet your bottom dollar she is full of hate.

#we like Hilary...Hilary is win....

Classic Freudian projection.

Lack of control!! He is a complete clown😆😆

Hilary win again

A horrible thing for him to say.

FYI only God knows a persons heart ❤️.

#NeverCuck

Never Trump

😂

#ImVotingForJillBecause <3

Rosie Rae trump, i can't, omg just

a wriggling worm.

Yep. She thinks she's royalty, despises having to mingle w common folk

Alot of stupid little boys on here

Trump ! US ! US !

It is so emberrasing  to listen to Trump can.t understand that  people vote for him. Trump as  president will be a disaster not just to USA but to the Word.

And he has velcro on his fingers.

The truth is painful.

Hate in her heart? It's called projection.

Not!

😂

He dosen't answer the questions!!   Just brings up slander and lies.  Not presidential and  really dosen't know many things he should know to be a good president.

BS

https://youtu.be/bYkl3XlEneA

TRUMP is the CLEAR CHOICE!!!! TRUMP/ PENCE 2016!!!!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

pig

❓

Projection. Trump frequently projects onto others what he is thinking or feeling himself.  He has tremendous hate in his heart.

Thank life for not being born in the United States.

Lali Madduri we missed this one!

ДОНАЛД,
ЋЕ ПРЕДСЕДНИК,
АМЕРИКЕ БИТИ,
ТРАМП,
МОЖЕ,ДОБРУ АМЕРИКУ,
СТВОРИТИ.
ХИЛАРИ КЛИНТОН,
ШАНСЕ НЕМА,
ЈЕР СЕ САВ АМЕРИЧКИ НАРОД,
ДА ГЛАСА,
ЗА, ДОНАЛД ТРАМПА СПРЕМА.
ЗА БУДУЋНОСТ СРБИЈЕ,
ДОБРО ЋЕ БИТИ,
ШТО ЋЕ ДОНАЛД ПОБЕДИТИ.
СРБИН СИ,
КОЈИ ЖИВИ У АМЕРИЦИ,
ОБАВЕЗНО ГЛАСАЈ ЗА ТРАМПА,
АКО СИ У ПРИЛИЦИ.
др Агос Лав
TRANSLATION OF VERSES:
DONALD, BE PRESIDENT, AMERICA BE, TRAMP, CAN, USA, GOOD, CREATE. HILLARY CLINTON, NOT CHANCE, BECAUSE ALL AMERICAN PEOPLE TO VOTE FOR, Donald Trump. THE FUTURE OF SERBIAN, GOOD WILL, YOU WILL WIN DONALD. SRBIN SI, WHO LIVES IN THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE VOTE FOR TRAMPA, IF you have the opportunity. dr Agos Lav

Why are you highlighting Drumpfs words?

This turned my stomach.

Can't  stand listening to him.

He is a very sick man

Esse cara é mto louco hahaha Lourenço Inacio Borges

Killary just wants to go to war with Russia and Iran.......... she will kill you all

Donald Trump for Precideny Washington
People of Indonesie hope Donald Trump get elected soon..pretty soon

L O friggin L Hailly Lucas

See ....... Unprepared Hillary Clinton protect immigrants who are causing destruction, hunger, disease and unemployment and not caring American citizens, and other black people are the very discrimination because they want to carry arms and do not want to respect justice and police have to take a b asta it because the government barack obama cade he ended the terrismo in syria? So conversae giving ha rights who do not want to work not joje just days and that each country has to take care of its people is why there are deaths in France, the United States and other countries do not want a weak woman in power have to be a man as god was.United Kingdom and the British are right in not wanting to accept immigrants because they are the disease brings, terrismo, unemployment and no country is obliged to receive, because each country has to take care of yourself and have blamed .. has to send deport already urgently to the country of origin because the disease and terrorism, it is the fault of the countries that accept immigrants have to send deport and not accept is what a parent fluid states can not accept a woman in power, because they want to get the rights to US citizens, desempregar want Americans and employment for immigrants killed in Orlando and in France a disgrace to American citizens a woman disarm citizens and weapons of terrorists will not vote Hillarary never without condition .....

He is right she was supporting the war in Syria

America is not the same anymore!!

Deplorable, The New York Times

He is the psychology 101 textbook personification of projection.  LOL

Psicólogo Tote Díaz así...

oh golly yes.  well, i mean, she's a witch, right?  so yeah.

She has hate in her heart...OMG that statement cracked me up.  HE has the hate in his entire body.

NEVER pretend to know what is in another person's heart!  Making this debate so personal shows his lack of civility.

SHE'S does?  Says the man who preaches hatred

BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST...VICTIMS WERE THERE!  A RAPIST IN THE WHITE HOUSE..REALLY?

hey, Trump – regarding your claim that Captain Khan would be alive if you were president: you're an  idiot.

You are a hard man to like Donald.  Many people hate you, I am sure.

But when he says horrible things "they're just words folks".  Seriously???

Trump is the candidate who spreads hate!  He was out of line when he said that about Clinton.  He is mentally unstable!

This country is Great.   We must work with what we have.

Don't worry , drumpf, you're not fooling us.  We know where the hate is coming from!

"SHE" has the hate??  I think not you rotten apricot!!

Trump man-boy you have a dark soul   You are evil personified  !!!!!!

Yen Tran  Thích  xem tranh luận lắm quan tâm dữ lắm mặc dù nói éo hiểu mẹ gì :))).

Well we know what is in his heart and we have a video to prove  it.

Fly lands on hillarys face ahahah even flies smell bs

That is such a sexist comment.  He is such a jerk.

When will Hilliary apologize to Kathy Shelton after accusing her as being responsible for being viciously raped as 12 year old girl by Thomas Alfred Taylor, a 41-year- pedophile?

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GfNygQtTtug

http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/10/us/politics/juanita-broaddrick.html?smid=fb-nytimes&smtyp=cur&_r=0

Liberals don't have hate. They are angels who fell from the sky. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_PZfUNi9ek

Celina Chang

Amine Mouaqit

Melissa Bray

Reason to vote trump: 

Truth: http://www.25logicalreasonstovotefordonaldtrump.com/

Alejandro Garcia

Truth: http://www.25logicalreasonstovotefordonaldtrump.com/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2dsAZ-8R3s Man faces hurricane to metal sound

☕ :)🍸 😻 Manpreet😰 RApper👀 Singh🐴 CHAMPIONS🐘 KA📲 FAN😷 :)🎍 

:* Add Kar Lo Sab :)  Just Now Lo Aur Do :) AdD clOse krO  The New York Times
:D Monday : 10 - October - 2016
:3 CHAMPION <3 -=[QASIM RAJPUT]]=- The New York Times
-_- :)  I Am On Fire :)  21 detik :)
<3   Bot  By  Manpreet RApper Singh
<3  CHAMPI0NS (^^^) B0T T3AM B| 
<3 SIT3 <3  RAJACHAMP.TK  <3

Venezuela