Trump's worst nightmare..2 women and a gay man telling him not to talk...😂😆😱 #nevertrump #imwithher #latinosconhillary

"it's just words"

No, Trump.

It is what women go through EVERY day, and it is criminal. This rape culture is cancer to our society.

"Nobody has more respect for women than I do" Please Fact Check Donald Trump's comment.

We should forget that these debates are about picking our next President. Who has the best grasp of the issues that real issues that effect America and ordinary Americans? Hillary Clinton has had a long and substantive career in public service. In contrast, so far Donald Trump has not made the case that he is anything more than a bombastic narcissistic demagogue.

He also said anyone who sexually assaulted women should be disqualified for office of president. Did he disqualify himself?

The right says Hillary Clinton is responsible for her husband. Why isn’t Melania Trump?

The Donald is the BEST thing anyone has done for the Democrats since Goldwater......

Meanwhile, Gary Johnson is trying to figure out how to inhabit other planets.

No way Trump can have more than 30% pf votes.... even McCain doesent support him anymore...

He is so unprepared! The way he talks to Hillary is so disrespectful...

Why are we talking about Bill Clinton? Who us running for President??

Trump never answered a question with sound and clear argument. He demonstrated again lack of control, he acted like an animal in a cage. And Hillary? She does not quits. Hillary 100%

I dont know when was the last time i ever enjoyed the presidential debate that much, need more popcorn🍿. Though, my head is spinning understanding how could we have these finalists on the stage at this point. #godblessamerica

His sulky pouting and snide remarks about favouritism from the moderators is so sooo childish. He's been allowed to rant on in extra time far more often.

In 1998 trump said " clinton is a victim of unattractive woman" , the irony is the same family of the (unattractive woman) is sitting with trump tonight before he go to the debate.

This guy is using Machiavellian principle   " it is better to feared than to be loved " trump knows that nobody loves him so he is just trying proof his principle.

It's been alleged by enough different individuals over so many years, I'll say that I could take it to the bank if this was a court of law.  Circumstancial evidence counts for something.

NY TIMES writers are the TRUE misogynists.  Bill Clinton used a nearly underage girl (who was a White House work subordinate) as a playtoy under his Oval Office desk for eighteen months and you think it's only "alleged" that he was abusive to women.  #HypocriticalHateFulledLeftWingMisogynisticMorons

In the words of the late Whitney Houston" crack is wack". Donny boy you need to leave it alone

"It's been alleged." 

Juanita Broaddrick has accused Bill Clinton of rape; Kathleen Willey has accused Clinton of groping her without consent. Paula Jones accused Clinton of exposing himself and sexually harassing her and he paid her an $850,000 settlement. You know, in addition to the presumably consensual philandering with Monica Lewinsky, Gennifer Flowers and Dolly Kyle.

So it's not like Trump's opposition isn't bringing the same kind of behavior to the White House.

These are the two worst candidates in living memory. No matter who wins next month, we all lose.

You mislead the american people. Trump is the only one who can make america safe. Hillary is a liar, I wouldn't let her be my babysitter, coz liar will always be a liar!!

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

Trump bossing around the moderators reminds me of tennis player John McEnroe in his heyday,yelling at the referee, but without McEnroe's talent.

Bill clinton did use a cigar on monica lewinsky as a dildo so it may not be so far off that he did other lude things to other women.

Can someone please tell Trump to STFU? He's making a fool of himself and your country.

Pray that what those poor women went through never happens to your daughters, sisters, mothers, etc. I'm sure your opinion of Mr. Clinton would be different if one of those woman were a loved one. It's disgusting to watch people defend his action simply because they support his party. Same on you. I was a Saunders supporter, I'm voting for Trump.

Do you think Donald knows his opponent is Hillary not Bill Clinton?

Am sure the comments will soon get nasty. So I just want to say something positive. I hope whomever reads this that you have a great week!

Many times.. If one person tells you that you look like a horse you might ignore, but if several people tell you that you look like a horse...you better saddle up

A fly landed on one of @HillaryClinton 's #TwoFaces tonight in #debates

Didn't know Bill was running for office......

This guy is a joke. Get it together, America. Geez.

Why bother? His supporters don't care about facts.

Why bother? Just ball-park Trump at 30% truthfulness and be done with it.

Also Trump has admitted being abusive to women - on tape.

Why aren't you reporting on trump trial date set in 12/2016 for rape of 13 year old? http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/federal-judge-orders-hearing-in-donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-case/

Its one of the worst debate till now... its looks like blame game from both sides 😢😢

What Trump said wouldn't land him in jail!! What Hilary did would!! She's a felon!!

America used to be a country the whole world used to look up to! 
Now we have Trump and Clinton.

"It's been alleged." And, you know, well documented in the 90s.

I am no way supporting Donald Trump. However, am just amazed in seeing how the entire media together is against him. A live example is this debate where these two presenters are strangely cutting off only him. Sure he's done bad things. Am sure everyone would be aware on what he said a couple of days ago. But how many of you know in detail about Hillary Clinton's deleted emails? Or the fact that she helped create ISIS.

Thanks Drumf for inspiring me to make a donation to Hilary again this very minute.

Everything is "a disaster" I haven't heard one thing out of his mouth that speaks to policy.

Shut the mics off when the candidate isn't answering the question or when their time is up!

Last time I checked, Bill Clinton isn't running in this election

Really? The New York Times? Who's going to fact check your fact checking?

Just like the string of deaths of people who crossed the Clintons.

What about the rape accusations against Trump? Why are those cases not being noted?

If I didn't know better, Trump is using this for a new reality TV show he's putting together.

So the guy who DODGED the military is giving out military advice??

Trump is a 🐷

THE SCUMBAG GENIUS DONALD DUNCE... UNFIT TO BE PRESIDENT!

Sorry, GOP, Donald Trump Is Your Monster--It's Time To Own Him - The Daily Banter

Democrats have been predicting this for months and have been screaming at all of our Republican friends and family to wake up to the reality of what Donald Trump really represents. We saw this coming a mile away, but they wouldn't listen. 

http://thedailybanter.com/2016/10/time-for-gop-to-own-trump/

'He grabbed me:' Woman alleges Trump groped her exactly as described on tape

Jill Harth, a pageant owner trying to work with Trump in the mid-1990s, filed suit against him in federal court in Manhattan in 1997, describing a “relentless” campaign of sexual harassment and assault including an incident in which he reached under a table, put his hands on her thighs and grabbed her “intimate private parts” during a meeting at a New York restaurant.

http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-words-echo-womans-allegations-507763

Exactly! When he lies, he sniffs.

Strange that those allegations disappeared after Clinton was no longer president.

Dump the Trump.

It's true. Quit making light of his womanizing!!  Hillary was worse. She verbally abused women and children.

Yes, it's been alleged by Bill's VICTIMS. which are legion.

Trump sucks we know that, but Hillary isn't better than him ...

Child says trump raped me!

http://bipartisanreport.com/2016/10/03/breaking-donald-trump-child-rape-case-to-begin-after-witness-finally-comes-forward/

The New York Times, Bill is NOT running for office! Who cares what Clinton and Melania have done. Focus on the Candidates.

Times: stop reprinting his attacks on Bill Clinton. Bill is not running in this election!

Do you not feel that using his powerful position to take advantage of Monica Lewinsky was not abuse?

What if you're lying in the fact-checking to favor Hillary, NY Times?

Attacking trump on how he treats women, meanwhile your husband is a rapist and you openly defended him:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHh73fkDUIs

"It's been alleged"?  Seriously?  NYT - I'm beginning to lose faith in your 'credibility'.

You don't wanna stand behind Bill on the long list of women he abused

All man are abusive in America. An then they blame to other cultures!

It's been alleged that Trump raped a 13 year old too. Doesn't make it true, does it?

I feel like NPRs is more thorough but i like how conveniently brief this is

I felt worried for the USA after seeing and hearing Mr Trump talking. Would anyone vote for him, I wouldn't!

It's amazing how all have forgotten or glossed over Bill Clinton's escapades.

Only alleged? Even when he was impeached and disgraced out of office? New York Liars

It's been alleged Donald Trump has been abusive to just about everyone it seems while actually running for President !!!

Are you guys talking about the debate or the new episode of divorce court?

Check this: the Iran deal is the worst in the history of deal-making, thank you.

Yeah and because your for Hillary your going to fact check wrong. I have officially pulled my money and support out of The NY Times.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

Well its time for pop corn and the Simpson .these 2 are so sad to lead us..

Not alleged, proven. And he was impeached for his actions and for lying

Oh he just had to pay Paula Jones $850,000. Just alleged though. Lol!

I've figured out why Trump is sniffling so much. It's an allergic reaction....to the truth!

It's not alleged when he paid 850 thousand to them.

NY Times similar t o a Jerry Springer show....stick to the issues.

Fact check Hillary's lies

NY Times BIASED AND IN THE CLINTON POCKETS. No one is going to take any of your fact checks seriously. The American People are not stupid.

Yeah...OJ and Kasey Anthony have been "alleged" to have done something as well!

It's the same I'm rubber and your glue tactic. Why would anyone want to send the schoolyard bully to the White House.

THE GEORGE W. BUSH WHITE HOUSE ‘LOST’ 22 MILLION EMAILS. Newsweek reports.

Alleged.. So him Paying off Paula Jones was just for fun...lol

Willy is a wonderful man he would never take advantage of a young intern!

I'm sorry but he makes no sense to me and he can piss me off more than my ex could

You mean you are selectively fact checking !! Lets get it right.

we learned hard lessons over the last few years..first is we cant trust EXPERTS who are paid by the rich or political parties to spin whats happening ....WMDs FREE TRADE 2008 housing collapse...experts had free rein to do as they liked and it HURT ordinary Americans. The Media is telling us that CLINTON is the only choice yet she represents the very interests that sent our jobs to ASIA and allowed BANKSTERS to bankrupt us...TRUMP sounds more like the right one for the White HOuse someone who willl change the GAME for us.

Alleged. You mean like a dozen women coming forth. I believe the women. Not the NYT.

Thank You New York Times, we already know who your in the pocket for.

Completely neutral, how can someone trust a fact check from a source which openly endorses one candidate?

Who cares about Bill Clinton?!

But Bill isn't running for president💁🏻

Bill Clinton isn't running for president, idiot...😩😩😩

Trump is sniffing again.

It doesn't make it right for Either of you!

Bill Clinton isn't running for President though..? 🤔

Good job NYTimes

Bill is not running for president any more than Melanie Trump is

He also stated Bill was impeached; he was not.

NYT fact checking.....that's a laugh!!! 😂😂😂

Bill Clinton is NOT running for POTUS!

defintley coke

Wake up American , don't vote for Mr Trump

We aren't voting for Bill Clinton!!

Bill Clinton isn't running for President.

Like Trump is allegedly mentally stable.

PRESIDENT HILLARY CLINTON 2016!!!

May God Bless you madam Hillary Clinton

Go HILLARY CLINTON

Go HILLARY CLINTON

Doubting rape victims? Not a good look, NYT!!

That's right that Bill Clinton is her husband but Hillary Clinton is not responsible for that. It shows how much she believes in family  because she didn't say anything to Bill and gave him another chance.

But we KNOW Trump is, from his own pursed lips.

Sorry NYT. Slick Willy was impeached and that's the bottom line!

Yes thank the republicans, that's the best they had !

It's been settled outside of court

poor monica ........... she was ruined by Hillarys husband

omg is it 1998 again

He's losing this one as well.

Its been alleged many times going back to 1969

The gray ladies are going down tonight.

This is intoxicating too much tangerines 🍊!!!

*SNIFFFF*

Donald Trump totally won the debate!  His Lincoln remarks and the jail remark were classic!  Huge win!  He was fighting three against one and kicked Hillary's butt!  Martha actually argued with him!!!!  Martha was not supposed to be debating Trump, Hillary was.  TRUMP HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!

Projection pure & simple.

Curtis, here's the link you need.

But why all the payout to the all women!?

Wow...Hitlery is one cold Mess !

Dump the Trash Trump

And it's irrelevant

ALLEGED TRUMP! ALLEGED. Get it right.

Once again taking blame off of himself.

Bill Clinton is running for presidente!

I guess when you settle out of court that makes you not guilty

Hillary knows how to get a rapist off.

Lots of allegations, seems probable.

When did trump
Stop beating his wife

TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT

Easy win for Trump tonight.

Operative word : Alleged

I'm actually scared for Hillary.  I wouldn't want to be that physically that close to him.  She is staying at the left of her chair.  He is waltzing in the middle of the stage.



It's ALWAYS speculation with him 

Disgraceful

Trump is a child rapist..."alleged"....

More importantly, it hasn't been denied.

Ummmm Bill Clinton rapes for a living.

Don't be mad.Trump dominated

Fat check.

No its fact!

Na' he just used them

Who cares - Bill is not on the ticket.

Focus the problem in this country not on their personal problem!

Biased midia.. 100% democrat NYT...

Send in Monica!

Bill is not running anymore.

Thank you, NY Times!

And had never been proven.!

Bill is a complete scumbag.

They are both clowns. We need a reset.

Lmao - how many women have to "allege" before it matters?

Bill Clinton is not running for office.

VOTE TRUMP/PENCE

Sniff

Benghazi

Alleged is not more than a rumor

Terrible

more or less

Bill Clinton is not running for President!!!!

Alleged over and over...

You guys must have hit a wall and cannot type😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

President Hillary Clinton 2016!!!

Clinton = House of cards !!!

Fools ur finish ny times

he uses coke I bet

HILLARY CLINTON 2016!!!!

Never ever Trump

What has that got to do with Hilary?

This papel is so bias

It's been proven

He paid off a woman 800 G's - and he was accused of rape - and has had multiple women come forward with allegations.  That is a pattern consistent with guilty behavior.

Bill is not running for president!

This is painful to watch

Montana for Trump

Did you see the fly land on killary bad omen ahahah

Hillary 2016

Please also fact check Clinton.

Goodbye NYT

Hahahahhaahha

Even this fact checking is convoluted. #werefucked

Proof*

Alleged meaning never proven.

#HillaryForPrison

FU Trump

Donna- you'd enjoy this bit!

Hypocrite liberal men😂

Forget about bill you are up against Hillary not bill

Hillarys the worst

Thereis evidence.

He is not running for president...

Yep

Um ok lol

Alleged means 99.9% actual!

This is openly hostile...

👏🏼👏🏼

Luke Thunberg what you asked for hahhaha

Comedy gold

STOP YOUR MEDIA LIES!!YU R BIASED AGAINST TRUMP AND LOSING MANY READERS BECAUSE OF HOW BIASED YU ARE!

He raped women. Is that ok?

Come on Hillary

Donald J Trump no ganará😛

😂😂😂😂😂

See ....... Unprepared Hillary Clinton protect immigrants who are causing destruction, hunger, disease and unemployment and not caring American citizens, and other black people are the very discrimination because they want to carry arms and do not want to respect justice and police have to take a b asta it because the government barack obama cade he ended the terrismo in syria? So conversae giving ha rights who do not want to work not joje just days and that each country has to take care of its people is why there are deaths in France, the United States and other countries do not want a weak woman in power have to be a man as god was.United Kingdom and the British are right in not wanting to accept immigrants because they are the disease brings, terrismo, unemployment and no country is obliged to receive, because each country has to take care of yourself and have blamed .. has to send deport already urgently to the country of origin because the disease and terrorism, it is the fault of the countries that accept immigrants have to send deport and not accept is what a parent fluid states can not accept a woman in power, because they want to get the rights to US citizens, desempregar want Americans and employment for immigrants killed in Orlando and in France a disgrace to American citizens a woman disarm citizens and weapons of terrorists will not vote Hillarary never without condition ........!!!!!

Jack Heaphy "alleged"

Melinda Smith this one

Trump is desperate.  He sniffles when he lies. Bet ya he'll blame the mic afterwards. Lol

Hmmmm I'm sure it's just alleged.  Alleged accusations often result in an$800k payoff. 🙄 right

Difference between alleged and convicted...  He Wouldn't know... Cause that's English language and he's German...

Republicans are meeting tomorrow about  Trump, that's  never been done

Alleged?  Lol yeah that why there are so many of them.  Lol

Alleged?  No he was impeached!  This is a prime example that Clinton's are above the law!!!

Does he know Bill isn't running?  Somebody please tell him so we can move on!!

Remember, first he said it wasn't him!  Then he said it was just  "LOCKER TALK".  That's how he adresses his distasteful sexual comments.

Very biased New York Times!  What about Hillary's inaccuracy?

Test him for drugs!!!!'  Sniff sniff sniff

$850,000 payment to settle an alleged??  Nice spin

Well Bill  did pay a settlement  for 850.000 for alleged !!!!

Get real you guys are all for Hillary she piad you off

You should add that Hillary's accusation about Trump using that dumped Chinese steel he was disparaging was 100% true. http://www.newsweek.com/how-donald-trump-ditched-us-steel-workers-china-505717

Josefina Ayzanoa

https://www.facebook.com/jsmnRDRGZ/posts/1059946270788176

Bill Clinton caught on tape groping a stewardess

Abby Shea Pigott

Trump ally paid sexual assault victim critical of Clinton: http://kxan.com/2016/10/09/trump-ally-paid-sexual-assault-victim-critical-of-clinton/

Brandon Quickel

Robert Ott

Mezen Trobelsi

https://www.facebook.com/NashvilleTeaParty/videos/1209321659108903/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CKoSbpwncE

https://www.hillaryclinton.com/tools/find-your-field-office/

Green Party candidate Dr. Jill Stein is providing live commentary through Livestream on her official Facebook Account: http://facebook.com/drjillstein

100% Original Movie, Free & without charge. Happy-Enjoy-watching.net (Y) 3
Suicide Squad 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/297761/suicide-squad.html
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/283366/miss-peregrine-s-home-for-peculiar-children.html
Deepwater Horizon 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/296524/deepwater-horizon.html
When the Bough Breaks 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/335791/when-the-bough-breaks.html
The Magnificent Seven 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/333484/the-magnificent-seven.html
Bad Moms 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/376659/bad-moms.html
Don't Breathe 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/300669/don-t-breathe.html
Bridget Jones's Baby 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/95610/bridget-jones-s-baby.html
Storks 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/332210/storks.html
Masterminds 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/213681/masterminds.html
Kubo and the Two Strings 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/313297/kubo-and-the-two-strings.html
Sully 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/363676/sully.html
Sausage Party Full Movie
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/223702/sausage-party.html
Doctor Strange Full Movie
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/284052/doctor-strange.html
Blair Witch 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/351211/blair-witch.html
Assassin Creed full movie
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/121856/assassin-s-creed.html
Wonder Woman 
http://jigana.arek.lead.ieumah.caliweura.ml/movie/297762/wonder-woman.html

Josh Hosh Paladino

You're kidding!  

http://www.mrctv.org/videos/full-dateline-nbc-juanita-broaddrick-bill-clinton-raping-her

rump is subhuman

https://m.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fyoutu.be%2FzHh73fkDUIs&h=uAQGN1qW6&enc=AZPvcB7P85h9TZ1RhzUqYG4MvlsefrRhcppe8pjfacWHYVkn3Fz5jppcXnhVYhBjhhz4VSps7385K47sAjk-CVnaEe3cXe-MzS8ZkX5ym1N8JPJlTEMpPSSIUIPL3bgNhVX42sVluT_iGvOPx1ABKlxZTwE59AYvCQp4LkNIOxISlIJ7NOXgE-_XqCn8Rx_XpIJQqDtkPf78yXIzcplTUKh2OsRT9JYSij5EL0LJX-b7Y8xaPOjz3fCsPCFSNkrCJSg&s=1