So at the end of the f̶a̶r̶c̶e̶ debate last night, Trump complete abandoned the one talking point against Sec. Clinton he's repeated forever that she didn't have the stamina to be president by saying she's tough and a fighter and never quits.

Trump is so disgusting in every view of his , all his political views his misogynism,racism,his insufficiently thought out policies brash and just idiotic... He really is an insult to America and an insult to those who take politics seriously

What I heard was all the information on the Trump products manufactured outside the U.S. and the chinese steel Trump used to construct buildings. Trump is a hypocrite.

wow, are you really generalizing all women as people that didn't care about the debate but rather focused on less important issues?  gee NYT, even for you this is some pretty bad spinning of the issues.

Too. Bad you didn't watch or listen after the debate. Undecideds were overwhelmingly siding with Trump. The only people not  letting go of the recording is you. He apologized about the 11 year old unauthorized recording and went on to crush Hillary. Especially since some of the women Hillary verbally abused were in the audience.

Well done Mr. Trump... Well Done...stick a fork in her, Clinton is well done.... who won

Trump did.

The fly took second place.

If Bill Clinton had filmed his sexual assaults would it have made a difference? No, these women are like any women who look away from their man's bad behavior to keep the Democratic Party together.

I thought all you feminists swear up and down how strong you are, and then you crumble into a pile of tears over a tape of a guy talking like all guys talk. Laughable.

Any woman that supports Donald Trump after he have said the most vile, despicable and disrespectful words spewed about women, they are mentally challenged. This man have absolutely NO RESPECT for women and that goes for his wife and his daughters because if he did, therefore, those words, thoughts or actions would ever happen. Donald Trump is a mental abuser.

Trump's Choice is America's  Unanimous Voice to Lead...
If American's want to stay peaceful go all out for Trump. Better cure than never.
If Muslims are allowed in USA as migrants they create head ache for peace n they will all go out for piece.. pl wake up. USA need a good performer n stability. That your choice is Trump Trump Trump. Our Thumps up is for Trump.

For most women, meaning those that have enough intelligence to tie their shoes in the dark, it was guy talk that was never meant to be rebroadcasted. Just like with raunchy girl talk.

"Some women" are drama queens, who consider facts and reason anathema, who are more easily led by false rhetoric and desperate, last-minute media manipulation. That's why they are liberals.

Sexual predators (including the subset we know as pedophiles)NEVER VOLUNTARILY REFORM. They merely learn how to seem contrite and to be more clandestine in satisfying their appetites.

This has really been overdramatized.  If you women, don't think all guys talk like that between friends, you live in a fantasy world. And groupie girls, around rich famous men? They will do anything. I've been on tours where being the only female and I experienced it first hand. There are bigger problems. #garyjohnson2016

I watched with muting most of it, esp Trump...The questions were scandal rag equivalents from the moderators, and the moderators could not stop the bully from trying to dominate the school yard...Next one run by a Fox guy, more of T Rump repeating the far right's conspiracy theories....so I don't think I will watch it at all...

I heard the video language, and Trump did nothing to turn it off. If anything, his body language reinforced the idea that he lacks respect for women.

those words should be louder than his lies at the debate ... those words show his true character

Trump like a raging bull... trying to intimidate because he has nothing else to give. He is nothing else than a clown. He is the one who should be locked up in a cage.

The American People LOSE the debate because there weren't the 4 qualified candidates on the stage. Controlled opposition by HRC. The only way she thinks she can get elected is when people focus on Trump and not her "errors in judgement". Trump is toast. No need to fear his election. True progressives are now free to vote for the true progressive, Jill Stein. Vote Green in 2016

ATTENTION: GOP SENATORS WANT TRUMP to choose our next Supreme Court nominee. We can't let that happen. The following Senate Republicans are up for re-election in November. They should be voted out of office for their obstruction of government:

NH: Kelly Ayotte (R) vs. Maggie Hassan (D)***
MO: Roy Blunt (R) vs. Jason Kander (D)***
AR: John Boozman (R) vs. Conner Eldridge (D)
NC: Richard Burr (R) vs. Deborah Ross (D)***
IN: Dan Coats (R-retiring) vs. Evan Bayh(D)***
ID: Mike Crapo (R) vs. Jerry Sturgill (D)
IA: Chuck Grassley (R) vs. Patty Judge (D)
ND: John Hoeven (R) vs. Eliot Glassheim (D)
GA: Johnny Isakson (R) vs. Jim Barksdale (D)
WI: Ron Johnson (R) vs. Russ Feingold (D)***
OK: James Lankford (R) vs. Mike Workman (D)
UT: Mike Lee (R) vs. Misty Snow (D)
AZ: John McCain (R) vs. Ann Kirkpatrick(D)***
KS: Jerry Moran (R) vs. Patrick Wiesner (D)
AK: Lisa Murkowski (R) vs. Ray Metcalfe (D)
KY: Rand Paul (R) vs. Jim Gray (D)
OH: Rob Portman (R) vs. Ted Strickland (D)***
FL: Marco Rubio (R) vs. Patrick Murphy (D)***
SC: Tim Scott (R) vs. Thomas Dixon (D)
AL: Richard Shelby (R) vs. Ron Crumpton (D)
SD: John Thune (R) vs. Jay Williams (D)
PA: Pat Toomey (R) vs. Katie McGinty (D)***
LA: David Vitter (R-retiring) vs. ???

***tightest Senate races

Please support their Democratic opponents via their official websites, or visit the website for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee at "www.DSCC.org". Find out how you can make a contribution to help Democratic congressional candidates all over the country. There are 24 Republican Senate seats and all 435 House seats up for grabs on Election Day (November 8). 

Thank you. Please share this information with your friends and family. And please remember to VOTE! Let's take the Senate back from the obstructionists!!

#DoYourJob #WeNeedNine #NeverTrump
#RememberInNovember #VOTEthemOUT

Trump lurking over Hillary was soooo creepy.. You know SNL is working on that for next script... 😉

Rather than apologetic he seemed to be proud. I don't get it and don't get anyone trusting this fouled mouth, uninformed bully.

Never apologized and denied he did those things he admitted to on that tape.

I sincerely hope that Republican women heard him objectifying women last night... "It's just locker room talk"  like that makes it's ok.

Why do NYT call him Mr ?
Hes not worth that!😡 He's not a man and gentleman , he is just as Robert di Niro call him a big fat pig. So you could start calling him NuffNuff but not Mr.
That's an insult to us men!!!

When Bill Clinton was caught in his affairs he was given a "free pass" by the DNC controlled liberal media when he did it . And what about Hillary? What is she exactly  . Would any real woman stay with a spouse who cheated on you multiple times , and also cost the Clinton family millions of dollars in damages ? What's that say for Hillary's own self worth to her own self ? Not much . It's kind of scary too think about because most women would have dumped Bill after the first time he was caught . I question her motives -  I believe the Clinton marriage is one of greed and power - for monetary gain and power alone . That alone should scare the hell out of most people concerning Hillary Clinton- #nowayHillary

Der Trump's 11-year-old remarks reminded them all of a man they knew or had known. A man none of them liked.

"For some "... not all of us.
Thanks for making that super clear.

As they should as the tape shows the real Trump.  He's not on his third wife for no reason!

Uh, especially when he said he did not say what we all heard on tape.

We have 29 days to go. More tape is coming. And the GOP won't be able to do damage control.

He may still win the white women vote. That is a disquieting fact for us all to reflect on.

If that's the case then they should have also heard their husbands or boyfriends voices also, because fact is men talk to other men like this.

State Islamic terror persecuted the Jews and your blood will be rivers ...

His words on the tape seemed to have overpowered all his words at the debate.

I hope the echo included Mary Jo Kopecnae, Teddy Kennedy, FDR, JFK, Bill Clinton. Cause, it really should. Vote third party.

And Hillary's actions, defending a rapist of a 12 year old girl, and attacking women who were sexually abused by her husband.

There is also a link to a fact check article in the article in case anyone cares about how many times Trump lied or erred or misrepresented.

Even the jocks say they don't go as low as Trump in the locker room!

I love how Americans think it was a debate. Ha! :)

So trump saying disgusting crap to women doesn't play well with women? This is pretty shocking.

Ill vote for Trump just to see Hillary put in Jail #trump2016

I love to hear the sound of Liberals whining in the morning #trump2016

THE WORLD FAMOUS (WHATSAPP)NO.  +919521436678 BEST INDIAN ASTROLOGER MOLVI INDIA GURU/ AMERICA / CANADA / AUSTRALIA / UK / USA/ INTERNATIONAL hn SERVICE.POWERFUL LOVE ASTROLOGER PANDIT GOKUL SHASTRI 
 जब कही ना हो काम तो हम से ले समाधान एक परामर्श आपकी जिंदगी में प्रकाश ला सकता हैं। लाल किताब के माहिर पं. गोकुल शास्त्री दुआ  तक़दीर बदल देती हैं हम कहते नहीं करके दिखाते हैं। जीवन की कठिन से कठिन समस्याओ का एक फ़ोन पर घर बैठे समाधान जैसे÷ मन चाहा प्यार, प्यार में धोका, मनचाही शादी, प्यार में घर वालो को मनाना  सौतन दुश्मन छुटकारा सभी समस्याओं का समाधान एक फ़ोन पर हो सकता हैं। निराश प्रेमी प्रेमिका एक बार जरूर संपर्क करे। ( whatsapp) no.  +919521436678
love marriage SPECIALIST (GET LOST YOUR LOVE BACK) Just call now  +919521436678

ALL PROBLEM SOLUTION BY ASTROLOGY

if it is not full filled in this life it keeps on wondering.
aa
LOVE IS A GIFT OF GOD. Don t loose it, 

because of your own weakness. If you are not able to understand anything then GOD

made us your MEDIUM.

You will get everything to full fill or your desire within 3 DAYS. For that we need your faith TRUST

Hello can u disturb in your life problems and not get desire results? Here is the solution of all problems like as follow:-

:= love marriage

:= Business problem

:= Problem in husband wife

:= Foreign traveling

:= Problem in study

:= Problem as childless

:= Physical problem

:= Problem in family relations

:= problem in your love

:= Willful marriage

:= Promotions our wised love back 
(WHATSAPPP) NO. +919521436678

THE WORLD FAMOUS (WHATSAPP)NO.  +919521436678 BEST INDIAN ASTROLOGER MOLVI INDIA GURU/ AMERICA / CANADA / AUSTRALIA / UK / USA/ INTERNATIONAL hn SERVICE.POWERFUL LOVE ASTROLOGER PANDIT GOKUL SHASTRI 
 जब कही ना हो काम तो हम से ले समाधान एक परामर्श आपकी जिंदगी में प्रकाश ला सकता हैं। लाल किताब के माहिर पं. गोकुल शास्त्री दुआ  तक़दीर बदल देती हैं हम कहते नहीं करके दिखाते हैं। जीवन की कठिन से कठिन समस्याओ का एक फ़ोन पर घर बैठे समाधान जैसे÷ मन चाहा प्यार, प्यार में धोका, मनचाही शादी, प्यार में घर वालो को मनाना  सौतन दुश्मन छुटकारा सभी समस्याओं का समाधान एक फ़ोन पर हो सकता हैं। निराश प्रेमी प्रेमिका एक बार जरूर संपर्क करे। ( whatsapp) no.  +919521436678
love marriage SPECIALIST (GET LOST YOUR LOVE BACK) Just call now  +919521436678

ALL PROBLEM SOLUTION BY ASTROLOGY

if it is not full filled in this life it keeps on wondering.
aa
LOVE IS A GIFT OF GOD. Don t loose it, 

because of your own weakness. If you are not able to understand anything then GOD

made us your MEDIUM.

You will get everything to full fill or your desire within 3 DAYS. For that we need your faith TRUST

Hello can u disturb in your life problems and not get desire results? Here is the solution of all problems like as follow:-

:= love marriage

:= Business problem

:= Problem in husband wife

:= Foreign traveling

:= Problem in study

:= Problem as childless

:= Physical problem

:= Problem in family relations

:= problem in your love

:= Willful marriage

:= Promotions our wised love back 
(WHATSAPPP) NO. +919521436678

Hillary wants women to base their vote on gender affiliation instead of substance:))))

the women in the picture are crazed pro woman, gay, illegal zealots:)))

Trump Won. End of Story.

Some women?  You would think every woman!

He gonna get him some.

It is MUCH BETTER CANDIDATE PART SHOWING HOW SICK ,,, DONAL, someone who wants to pretend perfection ,,,, Cynicism IN 2 PARTS, BUT IS TRUE, HILARY is immensely rich, always willing POWER, BETTER KEEP AWAY THE WHITE House Mall

We care about our country- not just shallow gender politics. It's VERY demeaning to women to imply we don't care about national security, feeding our families- and violence in our streets. You treat women as if we are ruled by simple emotion over an 11-year-old private conversation. Hillary has NO answers for the REAL problems plaguing our nation. She is the cause of the WRONG direction- and she will be more of the same. Trump is addressing the disease that has been inflicted upon us by feckless democrat politicians- like Obama and Hillary.  I'm a strong woman- and I want a legitimate president- not a joke like Hillary.

They spent way too much time during this debate determining who was the greater sexual male predator; Trump or President Bill Clinton. who has already been impeached for the same.  Meanwhile;  Hillary threw every woman under the bus when she fought against the rights of those women that Bill Clinton abused.

You don't speak for me.

The words from a layman 11 years ago vs the ACTIONS of a president and current affairs shows exactly what the problems in this country are. It is really sad! "spoke about unfair trade deals or threats to national security. But what they heard instead was his voice on that searing video." ISSUES and women and The New York Times speak about what he said 11 years ago. That is why WE do not want HILLARY. Instead of focusing on the questions posed by Americans who want answers, you still over look the issues you say these women do not care about. Women who btw, do not care about Hillarys stance on Partial birth/ Late term Abortions. Those are unborn babies that are fully formed and alive. She states that unequivocally. Next, he remained on the issues and even NOW you people do not care. You say he has no policy, she say's "go to my website". This is disgusting. She says "Even If you do not vote for me I will be your president" and that does NOT frighten anyone but the cognitive rational Americans.  TRUMP has shown the WORLD what he is made of! He WON!

Alice Miller, you should know better.... Grab a mirror

Bill Clinton is who they should be thinking about!

Dump the Trash Trump

Sad that its just some women. Not all

I get it, you are trying to spin hillary losing the debate into something else.  he acknowledged the tape, and apologized if people were offended.  yet you want to ignore the entire debate and focus on that.  why?  because the candidate you favor did poorly.

Trump 2016.

#TrumpTheRacist
#TrumpTheRapist
#TrumpForPrison

Better sound than Shrillary's fingernails on a chalkboard voice.

Fact check: Trump won the debate!

New york times why not praise TRUMP for Once

Survey says....we are all still voting for Trump!

for 1 in 3 women, as a matter of fact

As they should.  Vote blue

Because they hear what they want. Pathetic

Trump 2016

insecure women who don't know their worth

Stop the drama and get to the issues!

and some women will even vote for hillary

President Trump

http://therapistandthethief.blogspot.com/2016/10/bill-and-hillary-clinton.html

I'm with HER-PES!

hillary for prison

Yes

If he wins no one can say he didn't do his level best to lose to Hillary.  I don't know the details of their agreement but he is really trying to lose.

Who are those that supports Donald?, remember.

Any woman who is voting for Donald Trump has never known a REAL MAN. A REAL MAN does not degrade women or anyone else for that matter.  Trump is a child and a bully.

If you are a self-respecting American woman, you can not vote for Trump.

Bill Clinton uses a intern as a cigar holder and its ok Donald J. Trump can say words and the sick minded dont like it

Trump won the debate last night.  Can't wait until election day!

Could the NYT's be any more biased?  This paper is deplorable.

Does anyone want to address his thoughts on appointing another SCOTUS like Scalia?  #endcitizensunited

Hillary is a CRIMINAL/LIAR and WORST presidential candidate EVER!!

https://m.facebook.com/?hrc=1&refsrc=http%3A%2F%2Fh.facebook.com%2Fhr%2Fr&_rdr#!/199049746935671/photos/a.199051206935525.1073741828.199049746935671/679867442187230/?type=3&source=48

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqCIub3SmCI&feature=youtu.be

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154587953326171&id=686031170&ref=bookmarks

PREMIUM PACKAGE:
+ LOGO
+ LEAFLET
+ BUSINESS CARD
+ WEB BANNER
+ FOLDER

$630 old price
$480 NEW PRICE! ($150 OFF)

*only 30 days
https://www.facebook.com/freelookdesign/

http://expresso.sapo.pt/multimedia/video/2016-10-10-Confrontos-entre-a-policia-e-taxistas MANIFESTATION AGAINST PORTUGAL IN NORTH AMERICAN COMPANY "UBER"

UBER HAS FISCAL ADDRESS IN HOLLAND DIJSSELBLOEM (EUROGROUP PRESIDENT "
HA HA

POLICEMEN IN PORTUGAL JHIADISTAS HA HA INVOLVED IN CONFRONTATION WITH Manifestations
HA HA

UBER IS CORRUPT POLITICIANS - governates JUSTICE AND SOME ELEMENTS

UBER IS EXAMPLE OF CANCER OF NORTH AMERICAN COMPANIES TRYING deregulate MARKET AND SIMULTANEOUSLY CORRUPT SOME ELEMENTS TO CREATE CONFLICT IN SEVERAL COUNTRIES

Please download the application

gain money ..
Only for iPhone ..
رابط التحميل 
https://rcksr.com/pl/450129235/1788
Geo:
  Australia	,   Canada	,   United Kingdom	,   United States
Platform:
 Apple iOS

Coming from newspaper that made murderous #FidelCastro's career: http://bit.ly/2dmCVTP  Nobody believes you. #MAGA