They need to turn off his microphone while she's speaking.  He's obviously not mature enough to understand social expectations and has no respect for women.

enough of this who is better them who . I have a question what will you do to make the hard working middle class able to afford to stay in the US . How will you keep jobs with benefits . how will you keep the cost of healthcare down.

Yes, she has been in serving the people of US for 30 years...it takes time to make change happen...you think you can go in and order a change and everyone is going to bow to you and follow orders...it's not a dictatorship position you are running for...you are running to be a president of the greatest democratic country in the world!

What kind of weapon would the candidates be? I feel like Trump is something blunt and ineffective like a hammer that nails from the handle while Clinton is something that may or may not kill you depending upon what she says at the time.
I'm just sick that I can say these things with a straight face.

It's not that he doesn't understand certain question...he chooses not to understand some questions...he is used to doing whatever he wants...NOT ANYMORE!

Draw a picture of a child-- Trump-- having yet another tantrum.

Hate listening to this man...please turn off his microphone when someone else is talking...

Wouldn't surprise me if Donald gave Hillary bunny ears while standing behind her when she's talking.

Donald Trump sniffing. What is his excuse? How about extreme Vetting...how is that going to happen?

Show how much blow he did before the debate and that would explain the sniffing.

Give us more details we know you have a great. Plan but what is it

Shut up you 'D head!" and listen to people other than you...

Draw Donny and Hill deciding to finish the debate by arm wrestling on one of the podiums.

Trump as Damon Killian from Running Man. The similarities are frightening.

Trump is on an island by himself so draw Wilson from Cast Away with a Trump wig

Please do another cartoon re: Trump's breathing !

This is way more entertaining than this stupid debate. Thank you!

Investigate this! http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/another-clinton-associate-found-dead-bill-hillarys-body-count-increases/

Draw trump as Jaba the hut (orange with his hair) calling the Statue of Liberty fat

Please draw a creepy clown terrorizing a dignified woman

trump laughing at a poster that says "trump is lame" but then gets triggered when he see the word islam in that sentence

Hilary giving him the evil eye while .....

Sniffingagain?

Senior New Yorker Voting for GARY JOHNSON / William Weld lets make it a land slide wake Washington UP WE MEAN BUSINESS WE ARE ALL TIRED!!!

Don't forget to draw the powdery substance.

This debate is like a playground argument.

Trump dressed as a kitten!

What is up with the sniffing???!!!!!

What's the excuse for the sniffing this time?

Draw one of Trump verbally vomiting nonsense.

Dumpster fire!!

💣💣💣

Draw a sewer with Drumpf bathing in it.

Trump saying "So good, so good".

Draw Trump sniffling!

Issues.. talk about the issues!!!😩

Would someone tell him 2 stop snorting‼️ he's sickening😠🇺🇸🇺🇸

Donald Trump totally won the debate!  His Lincoln remarks and the jail remark were classic!  Huge win!  He was fighting three against one and kicked Hillary's butt!  Martha actually argued with him!!!!  Martha was not supposed to be debating Trump, Hillary was.  TRUMP HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!

Love it.

Cute idea.

#CharacterMatters
#LetGaryDebate

There needs to be some tears in this.

He is such a spoiled kid...

More like fat chick....

Don't forget the pink highlighter around djt's eyes.

This is oddly comforting.

fat check got me cryin

Climate change is a sham. Right.

Draw something will ya'! LOL

Draw a circus with clowns

Draw Donald being such a "gentlemen"

Zoo rodeo

Sleezebag with his hair attached!

Do we really need a lampoon of this circus?

Jam Handy & Fleischer Studios!!!

Donald Trump's Tie Rack.

Sniff, sniff, sniff. Locker room talk.

New sketch.

He's all coked up - again.

draw Trump as a pokemon

LMAO!

Hotseat

Yes please

Go higher Hillary!

Trump with word salad coming out of his mouth.

3 against 1 😂

Giant Cheeto vs Hillbot.

What about his 4 faced

hey that was good! let the man draw!

Yoga!

We need an orange haired piggy.

Ben I think I'm gonna watch it like this instead

*islamaphobia* as a diagnosis

wow..she's uninformed how can that be!

Wearing appropriate Halloween costumes?!

Sniff, Sniff

Trump ..the world is looking up to you!

Kleenex box

Is he a coke user?

Trump as a
Clown

Draw him as a giant baby on the stage.

Fat check

Who? Two faced?

Sniff, sniff, what's he snorting?

Carolina Maria lets watch this instead the debate 😂😂

Put him in diapers

Crappy artist lmfao that's forsure

OMG

Brian Butler you should take a stab at it...

Freda Sears you can watch the cartoon here!

Josiah this is dope

哈哈

You should be neutral , this is just wrong

Mehiri Yacine ton futur pays chouf chouf

That is amazing!

His nose is too small.

Come on Hillary

Diego soml

LOONY TUNES 2016

Jajajajajajajaja Minerva Cornejo Garza

Dawn Borosky

Marko Elez fat check

Fatima Cheema lol

It's three against one.  Waaaaaahhhhhhh

Jack Flannery

Ronny Barak

Please draw  orange pants on fire

Tina Aitala Engblom

Will Johns

Law Boe

Cydney McQuillan-Grace

William Page

Draw this

https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=-dY77j6uBHI

Devin Habibi

Chad Olsen....