The man literally said he kissed women and grabbed their crotches without asking. If that's not sexual assault I don't know what is.

I am incredibly grateful for all of the good men in my life who don't consider his bragging about trying to cheat on his pregnant wife with a married woman and grabbing women by the genitals without their consent, "locker room talk".

Calling it "locker room talk" is how a sexual predator tries to normalize aggressions of rape culture.

Umm, that's exactly what you said, you tangerine nightmare.

It was locker room talk when I called Mexicans rapist. It's locker room talk when I support stop and frisk (un-constitutional). It was locker room talk when I say stop all muslims from entering country. It was locker room talk when I disrespected Muslim parents of US Army Captain who lost his life for our country. There are so many locker room talks ....

And herein lies the problem - he does not understand what he did, what he said was wrong. He thinks it is ok because it was only 'locker room' talk. It is NEVER ok. Full stop.

All women thank you Anderson Cooper for telling that ugly truth about Trump!!

What he claimed to do to women IS sexual assault. The fact that long before this audio came out, women had charged that he did it to them, makes it very clear that he sexually assaults women. The fact that we now know he brags about it as well, makes him even more disgusting and pathetic.

It wasn't locker room talk. It was two mic'd TV professionals in suits celebrating sexual assault privileges and rape culture on a bus.

How are more men not offended by this? I'm sick of all men being lumped together in some boy's club. It's the same type of thing that happens when people say a victim would not have been sexually assaulted if she dressed more modestly. It implies that we men are hulking cavemen who would throw morality and decency out the window as soon as we get an erection. "Boys will be boys" and locker room talk cannot be accepted as an excuse anymore. Trump is trying to make himself out to be no different than any other man. No Donald. Whether we are in a locker room or not, most men don't speak and feel the thoughts and actions you spoke in the video.

Wait..I'm not from US but if bragging about sexual assault is a "locker room" talk in America..It may explain high number of sexual assault cases in US colleges and army and majority of that doesn't get prosecuted like Trump said...If you are a star you can get away with it...How low can this presidential election of supposedly the most civilized country on Earth can get??

Hillary gave women worldwide a graphic lesson in how to stand up with dignity to an ugly gross disgusting bully. That is worth a lot. Thanks for the lesson!

Straight up sociopath!!! He literally can not accept reality. Disgusting. No wonder rape is such an issue in this country....

Can someone define "locker room talk"? I'm pretty sure he wasn't in a locker room and how in the hell does he think that's a valid excuse for what he said? I'm literally dumbfounded. #idiocracyisreal

For the last time, Clinton was NOT fully impeached....these trolls really get on my last nerve with the twisting of facts & spewing erroneous information. However, the Republicans who attempted to get Clinton impeached were ALL guilty of various sexual scandals: Gingrich, Hastert, & Livingston...
http://www.snopes.com/republican-impeached-clinton-scandal/

I've been in a number of locker rooms in my life and have yet to hear that kind of "banter". If you think like trump, stay away from me in the locker room because I will punch you in the mouth

Ugh. I think that Anderson Cooper should have shut down either candidate whose response wasn't to the actual question asked.

The difference between "locker room talk" and what Trump said, is that Trump bragged about how easy it is to sexually assault women when in a position of power over them. Gleefully. If you're not seeing that difference, then you don't understand context, and maybe you need to have a nice long moment of self-reflection.

Locker Room talk or not it is NOT appropriate. He is basically saying goes it is okay for teenage boys to engage in conversation of this nature in the locker room at school!!!!

And then, "I will defeat ISIS!" 
K great but, that wasn't the question spin doctor...lol...what a joke. Only thing is, this isn't funny anymore.

The man that bragged is Bill Clinton! He tried and convicted, impeached and fined ! The worst is that Hillary enabled him. Calling all the women he attacked Bimbos, Loony Toons!! The Clinton's are scum!

Teenage boys have "locker room talk" and are being disciplined for it. Trump is a 70 year old man who still seems to think this is ok today! There is something seriously wrong with this man.

Hillary Clinton stood up to all Donald Trump could throw at her. She is still standing tall and Donald Trump crawled from the gutter where he bathes down into the sewer with the other vermin.

How can Anderson understand locker room talk about women anyways. He don't get it, why bother explaining to him....Personally I believe Trump was trying to be cool in front of the much younger  Billy. Why it was even taped and held all these years  in suspect.

As filthy disgusting as that debate last night was....Trump is not the problem. His Base Is The Problem. He didn't get there by accident...he's there because people Put him there. This is what needs to change in America. 😐😐😐

Misogyny is misogyny no matter where it's perpetuated. Just because you said it in private doesn't mean you're excused from the consequences of having said it.

He was just sorry he was caught, not actually sorry or even aware of the damage he has caused to women around the world. Young girls everywhere that now think that "locker room" talk is commonplace and acceptable male behavior, shame on you, what a disgrace and disgusting excuse of a human being!

The man is a disaster and a predator and a bully. Watching him lurk behind Hillary last night made me wonder how many other women he stalked like that. Very uncomfortable to watch.

He doesn't even get that it's assault! And then that sleazy tape of him telling Howard Stern how he would watch all the naked contestants and no one could stop him. He is a lecherous old swine

"I don't think you understood what that was..." i.e.: let me rapeculturistheterosexualmansplain it to you, Anderson Cooper.

He has a history of abusing and assaulting women. I have no respect for this rat. You can't just apologize, you should be convicted for sexual assault.

Summer 2016: Republicans scared men will dress as women and grope their daughters in Target bathrooms. Fall 2016: Many Republicans are going to vote for a guy who brags about groping women

The talk between men in my gym's locker room rarely amounts to more than a muffled "Good evening!" and "Goodbye!", maybe some casual talk about work and plans for later if people are actually acquainted. The place is frequented by people of pretty much all colours and ages and never does the fact that eventually we catch each other literally with our pants down lead to a decline to Trump levels in conversation. This sorry excuse for a member of civilised society, high society no less, SAID these things, MEANT these things and SAID them PROUDLY. All he isn't proud of is once again being caught with his hands in the cookie jar. Also, looking at him I highly doubt he has seen the inside of a gym locker room since he owned the New Jersey Generals.

Saying I grab women by their genitals because I can isn't locker room talk. Its admitting a sexual assault and bragging about it. But give him a break he was just an immature 59 year old. The version of trump that raped the 13 yr old was even more immature

Whether it was in a "locker room" "board room" any room. Those words, that talk is in the air....can't take it back.... And whomever recorded it knew hen what a low life he was and this WOULD come in handy one day.

Well, through all of the madness and vitriol that Trump was spewing, his last statement about Hillary did come across as a very sincere compliment from a business perspective.

It is admitting to sexual assault. If that's "locker room talk", decent men should RUN from such a locker room and never be associated with it. 

Excusing such behaviour as just boys being boys simply exacerbates the problem of protecting men like this who are sexual predators.

Sexual assault is no laughing matter, so anyone who excuses it like this should be considered a potential threat because they condone the behaviour. 

Would you laugh if it happened to your wife, girlfriend, daughter, aunt, sister, mother, grandmother????????

I can see thing and I see a man who had no self respect thought at home, who had no role model to follow at home, that didn't get much love at home, a kid who has not finish growing up and now wants to come out and play but he wants to play with fire and not look at the consequences. He needs help is all aspects of his life. Feel sorry for the people who he is take him down with him. Soon some won't have a job won't have a career and guess what? He will go back to his bubble to be him and care about nothing else no One else. Wow

Let's not waste another second hashing out what he said when we have the tape. Can we please, as decent humans, ask men across the country to take a stand against all of it? It's great that the men YOU know would never say such a thing or that you think ALL your male friends would never say such a thing but our country didn't just become the gendered mess that it is by magic, or by a "few" guys doing bad things. This is an institutional problem and so, yes, this means MOST men either speak like this or consent to this sort of talk by being silent about it. #womenslivesmatter

Funny that Cooper never asked: "You set free a rapist child molester a laugh about it. Do you understand that?".
Or: "You set all your energy to depose and kill the ruler of the last functional in Lybia, that ended in a total disaster; now good part of Lydia and its arsenal is in hand of ISIS. Do you understand that?"
Who wrote Cooper's script?
Do you understand that?

I've been in many locker rooms, and I've never heard anybody talk like this. Most men remember that they have mothers, sisters and daughters, and are disgusted by this type of banter. We have heard it occasionally, but only by cretins and bullies, and we understood that it was to make up for insecurity about their manhood.

not only are my female friends incensed and outraged at this sexual predator, but so are my husband and our male friends... who have been in many a locker room, and have never heard anything like what DT was taped saying. The thug is a predator, and said he would be a one man show dictator, jailing Hillary Clinton or anyone else he chooses.

So, ..... the guys how play football, basketball, soccer, baseball and so on and so on are all guilty of talking about grabbing women by their genitals? Wow talk about throwing all those men of sport under the bus. He said it, he meant it, therefore, he owns it.

Yes that is how many men talk to other men in bars, locker rooms, even at work, then amplify tenfold in the celebrity world, but my question is who had to watch all the Trump footage for over a year now to find this snippet of footage between 2 celebrity men from 2005?

Doesn't anyone have kids? I'm from Canada and am unclear how anyone is okay with allowing their kids to grow up with a head of state who not only normalizes but brags about rape, and then justifies it by saying it's "locker room talk"????? Does that excuse his misogynist, violent rhetoric? Good luck America...

Strange that his dealings with organized crime isn't a bigger scandal in the election.  “That was a major contractor. You hear stories that they may have been [mob-controlled].....I was never going to run for office.… I’d go by the lowest bid and I’d go by their track record, but I didn’t do a personal history of who they are.” - DJ Trump.   “Donald was always trying to maneuver politically to get things done,” said Mr. Shapiro’s brother Barry Shapiro.
Kenneth Shapiro (described by law enforcement as an “agent” of Philadelphia mob boss Nicodemo “Little Nicky” Scarfo) said he never was reimbursed for the money given to the mayor, according to his brother and two other people. “Donald just reneged; that’s his automatic thing,” Barry Shapiro said.  http://www.wsj.com/articles/donald-trump-dealt-with-a-series-of-people-who-had-mob-ties-1472736922

So..either he was speaking truthfully, or just making pompous, stupid, empty, boastful talk. Either way is bad for him, but he definitely know not to admit to either. He just accuses us of being confused!

Hillary is no victim, and is as much a part of her husband's abhorrent treatment of women as he. From children to cigars, the Clintons should be incredibly ashamed of themselves, but I sincerely doubt they feel anything at all.

That we, as a country, have allowed that man to come anywhere close to being an actual candidate for the highest office in the land, and by default, leader of the free world, is an embarrassment to us all. Shame on us.

Locker room talk (which seems to be code for saying things when you think no one is listening) is still not okay. The problem isn't just with what comes out of your mouth when you're engaging in locker room talk. The problem is with what's going on in your brain.

40 years ago, like Trump, 90% men I knew bragged to each other about what they 'would' do, a few did it. Times changed, thankfully. So did he.

I'm sorry but if this is what American politicians are all about...  Im starting to feel sorry for the country.  I watched the debate yesterday and it felt like two criminals had to defend them selves in front of a grand jury... Sad very sad... I don't want to be in the shoes of the American voters.

It's unacceptable how these guys refer about women, but also is a low their talk was leaked and exposed. Yes there're men that say vile things but but... Have we ever not gossiped about people? Now, what about if you learn somebody did record or video your talk to use it against you?

Thank you NYT for catching and posting one of the moments that best hilights  the gross PARTISANSHIP of "moderators. Can YOU list a similarly partisan attack  Q to HRC? Of course not.

Trump tried to look sorry, saying the words people wanted to hear...but then spoke about it as just "Locker Room Talk" ! Hardly that at all. He is a predator,a Bully,and a Liar.

So, where are all the so-called Christians crowing about Trump's casual attitude toward making sexual advances on a married woman?  I thought there was something about that in their little rule book?

"No, Anderson, I don't think you understood how this was spun. They're telling me to repeat the phrase 'locker room talk,' which should obviously answer your idiot question." 🙄

Sexual predators (including the subset we know as pedophiles)NEVER VOLUNTARILY REFORM. They merely learn how to seem contrite and to be more clandestine in satisfying their appetites.

Locker room talk = sexually assaulting women. Okay...that makes sense. Except athletes, who spend their time in locker rooms, condemn Trump's downplaying that language and his behavior.  Many men condemn Trump's words and his sexual assault of women and it's good to hear their voices.  http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/10/politics/locker-room-talk-athletes-respond-trnd/

I guess billionaires have locker rooms on buses with reporters and microphones.

Unfortunately women are objects and not only to Mr. Trump. Woman have come a long way, however, we are not where we should be. May my boys never be caught speaking this way about any one, at any given time. Shameful what this debate has turned into. Good character something lacking in today's society.

Doing what's right when no one is watching.... They both failed miserably at this lesson!

Evolution of Evil:
At the beginning, Trump had less 1% of voters support. Everybody knew that he was a donkey. But as his racism, or at least his pandering to the racists baser instincts, became evident, his support started to grow up. That's clear now, all racists are stand up for Trump. The KKK leaders, the whitey supremashit, are stand up for him. Even the hispanics that follow him are paradoxically racists. On the other hand, resembling the civil war times, the evangelicals are equally divided by racists and non-racists. Even prominent actors as Clint Eastwood and politicians like Rudy Giuliani, has exposed themselves as blatant racists because of Trump. Being a non-racist and being a Trump follower, are two completely incompatible things. Those are the people which The Donald said that are good Americans, that's really deplorable. The upcoming elections will be a "tremendous" fight between racists and non-racists. Donald Trump is playing the racist card. Had it not been a racist, he would not have won more than 4% or 5% of the votes. With this slimy clown and his cronies ruling the US, we will be entering to a new and perilous racial upheavals era. Anyone doubt?

I don't understand how Americans can't see that their anger is pointed in the wrong direction.  They elected Obama a Democrat and wanted him to fix 8 years of Bush in two weeks but gave him a Republican senate that blocked everything Obama tried to do ... and they blamed Obama and the Democrats instead of Understanding that it's the Republicans who put them in this mess in the first place .... and now they are voting emotionally instead of with their heads ...... ?  It's such a sad state of affairs to watch the country fall apart because of a Hot Headed Ridiculous excuse for a candidate that emulates Hilter with his every move ..... ?  So hard to watch !

Trump took on 3 members of the Hillary campaign- against 1- as America watched. And Trump kicked their ***es. Bravo Mr. Trump, Bravo. You were great- and Cooper was a disgrace and an embarrassment. Good job- Donald. You will make a fine president. We need a strong leader- instead of more weakness and incompetence- like we have now.

That's a normal thing for every american, not just men, also women. During sometime in their life, they've sexually abused someone. What makes it trivial here is this is character assassination on trump. Anyway what he said is true, those things are private things and is irrelevant on a debate regarding politics.

It also worries me, how many contestants of the Miss Universe pageants were treated in the same manner by Trump?

What Hillary did with her husbands mistresses should strike a nerve of any woman who was every abused in any way- what Trump said was annoying, but hurt nobody.

Not ok. Another talking point & now "locker room talk" is ok. BS. Not all men talk like that  "behind closed doors". Man up or shut up. Sick of lies & excuses.

Being rude, disgustingly low, and absurdly illogical is not kicking a** 

"Don't argue with an idiot, he'll drag you down to his level and beat you with his experience."

The subject of this "exposure" of Trump is yet another victim of the Clinton Misogyny Machine and is collateral damage - just to get her in the White House. We owe you nothing, Hillary Clinton. Your tactic of victimizing a woman twice for your personal and political gain is the lowest of the low. But what's another notch in your belt, huh? #neverhillary

So at the debate, he says he never did what he bragged about on the tape. But in same debate, he said he has never once lied. Wasn't he lying to Billy Bush if he never did any of those things?

I guess Hillary should have paraded those women around....but they'd have to rent a hall as there were so many.....i wonder if he hung out with Bill Cosby....

Trump did very well on the debate! Hilary only take personal attacks on him and did not worked well! Because if personal attacks were to be focused on, what about Hilary's past and present issues? What about her 30 years in the political establishment doing nothing for the middle class? Americans are voting Trump not because of him but out of a "protest" against the same old political establishment that is not working!

So this is what men talk about in the locker rooms? I think we need to investigate these locker rooms! What do you think guys?

November 8 can't come soon enough for this election to stop insulting our intelligence on a daily basis.

it's lucky Anderson Cooper didn't ask Trump if he paid off the now 34 year old woman who sued Trump and Epstein for repeated raping her when she was 13 years old. Look up the suit. He is a rapist. And he assaulted his then wife Ivana also and paid her off for her silence. What say you?

If you're a male athlete you need to step up publicly and say you DON'T treat women like this, and that you DON'T talk about women like this. He just foisted the burden of his statements on your shoulders. There is not one man in my family, athlete or not, who would say it or believe they have the right to do what Trump says is everyday banter in a locker room. If this is boys being boys then they need to be taught the definition of sexual assault.

And, did you catch how anything Hillary Clinton said, he dismissed as "words, just words," and his own bragging about how he goes about committing sexual assault as "just locker room talk," of a 59 year old, but these women's long discredited words, by their own words in affidavits, under oath, somehow have pecular gravitas and significance in supporting Trump's convoluted argument that whatever Bill Clinton's consensual infidelities allegedly took place a generation ago necessarily disqualify his wife of 41 years from seeking the Office for which she alone in this Presidential election is eminently qualified?

He even talked about trying to f a married woman. Nancy Odell is a sweet lovely person and didn't deserve to be talked about it that way. Is that locker room talk? If so, women should boycott sports and men that respect women should also.

When macho BS between two guys in private becomes a campaign issue, your unbridled desperation is showing. 

What's next? "Donald Trump says he loves his mom, but steps on sidewalk cracks every day! He's a misogynist!"

Idiots

Like many rapists, no, he doesn't understand that if women don't actively consent to being touched, that's sexual assault. Clearly, he doesn't comprehend that fact.

But lets look at the Future .... Technology is going to surpass Humanity that will take the desire out of getting an education . This has all ready started . The labor of men taking and technology does not pay taxes when we get to where we have to become a communist nation to fit a global economy .. NO THX that only starts wars from hate and you will end up putting steel bars around your home and steel fences around your property and imprisoned yourselves in your own home ..After the repeal of Glass-Steagall in 1999, investment banks now offer traditionally off-limits services like commercial banking...Banks match up buyers and sellers as well as buy and sell securities out of their own account to facilitate the trading of securities..This is where Hillary Clinton comes in .. Her promises for donations ..Banks advise buyers and sellers on business valuation, negotiation, pricing and structuring of transactions, as well as procedure and implementation." JOBS they pride on Repossession and foreclosure"s and revenue from seized cash from drugs . Then you have Methadone a 200 billion dollar business .. All Promises from the Clintons using racism to bring in refugees and drive them from their home land.. Dont matter if your black white Latino or American Indian the game is Government globalizing the economy . Poverty will fill food lines for miles .

In other words, my white male privilege is still intact and your facts mean nothing. EMAILS!

Saying it was locker room talk is another way of saying boys will be boys. I am not buying it and neither is America. The presidency is not another notch on your belt Trump.

Very elegant HRC. But cinical and playing a character of victorian actress. Dont believe in her, but she is probably less worse than her opponent

For the millionth time, trump is unfit for the Presidency. Hell,he is unfit for the human race.

If this kind of thing is what you're hearing in your locker room, you're hanging out in the wrong locker room.

Locker rooms: where people reveal who them really are.

Trump has ZERO respect for others including himself. A narcissist with no conscious.

I am sooooo confused. He really said that, didn't he or did he?

Whenever there's an apology followed by a "but" the apology becomes negated.

I know my father, my brother, my fiancé or any of the men I love never spoke like this in a locker room, or it would drastically change the way I view them.

Bill Clinton isn't running for President.

Trump calls it "locker room talk" but when was he in an actual locker room? *scratches head*

It's time for locker room builders to issue a statement condemning Trump

He also implied that Anderson Cooper would not understand.

Thanks for sharing! The transcript is a big time saver.

No Donald, it's sexual assault and you have done it.  Jill Harth, a pageant owner trying to work with Trump in the mid-1990s, filed suit against him in federal court in Manhattan in 1997, describing a “relentless” campaign of sexual harassment and assault including an incident in which he reached under a table, put his hands on her thighs and grabbed her “intimate private parts” during a meeting at a New York restaurant. http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-words-echo-womans-allegations-507763

Thank you Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz for asking the tough questions. Good job.

The best line about him I've read yet. "This is that Affluenza Kid, all grown up".

Mr Trumps performance last night was not about the issues or the American presidency. It was intended to deflect attention away from the headline that he is a sexual predator. Period.

But but but Bbbill Clinton would never touch a woman's cigar holder. 🤓

Making excuses and justifying it as 'only' locker room talk is to continue attitudes demeaning women.

That's your defense????!!!! He was trying to "be cool" if front of Billy????? You are a special kind of stupid.

I am curious to know how many who supported Trump, are now changing their minds?? I really would like to know. Thank you.

Trump is a lying pig and a predator!! His daughters and wife should be ashamed!!!!!

Tara Thomas if you think hearing it is bad, wait til you read it!

kkkkkkkkkkkk This is Candidate to lead the US ??? where is the harvard graduates US has the top unis how do you present so poor candidates to lead you??

Brock Turner should have just said what he did was frat boy talk.

He is so unaware of the meaning of his words - not to say anything about his actions. You can call it "locker room talk" but his words advocate rape.

WikiLeaks should have released this transcript BEFORE the debate.

This has been the most womb-clenching week in American political history.

@bill Bishop the love of TRUMP consume me.I love TRUMP so much TRUMP is just like the future we all need

How's does Trump's "locker room" talk equate with Hillary's husbands alleged Oval Office cigar tricks and his presidential statement to the nation " I did not have sexual relations with that woman ". ( A president would never tell a lie....would they? I suppose Richard Nixon would have had to agree with that. ) Obviously a desperate play on words, did he mean the woman did all the work ?

I cannot cease being disgusted...he does not deserve to be on stage anywhere or running for anything...

If American women are so offended by Trump's naughty words, who bought 80 million copies of 50 Shades of Grey?

Colin Jost on SNL had the best response... "what locker room, Penn State?"

Just wonder what else he's saying in the locker room.

Actually it was a kind of locker room talk AND locker room talk includes these phrases all the time.

Trump's locker room talk is low even for that kind of talk. And with three marriages plus beauty contests, from talk to real grasping...

Keep Trump in the locker room. Support Oval Office talk aka Hillary Clinton.

State Islamic terror persecuted the Jews and your blood will be rivers ...

He is truly deplorable and anyone who still supports him are as well.

Locker room, bedroom, living room or the board room it was disgusting and I have zero respect for you!

https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/?q=&mfrom=&mto=&title=&notitle=&date_from=&date_to=&nofrom=&noto=&count=10&sort=0#searchresult

Locker room talk? "the character of a man is who he is when no one is around"

He's going to be great around world leaders, he'll get elevators to himself

It's a sad day for the U S if he wins. He's a high end moron.

If elected, he would turn the Oval Office into a locker room. Congrats.

If he was in any business type job application process this would have been his downfall.

He doesn't think he did anything wrong, his apology means nothing. He's a vial man!

"I've had my finger on their buttons many times, because when you're a celebrity they let you do that..."

Americans dont made a mistake and waste your vote for trump because he is a little bit mad

It's sexual predator talk, plain and simple. What decent man, father of 5 talks that way at 59 years of age?

Hopefully American voters would consign this national lampoon to locker room .

How dare Trump act like FDR, JFK, the murderer Teddy Kennedy, and most relevant, the sexual predator Bill Clinton. Save your hate, y'all. I am NOT a Trump supporter.

Locker room talk,yes dear liberal that's also how your father or husband talk in private with other straight men.#Trump2016

Locker room talk doesn't include the females that men gossip about, it's talk amongst men away from women!

No Donald, it's not. It's an arrogant man-child being a mysogenistic bully.

Trump should be locked up in the locker room so he can have a full freedom to say anything dirty to humanity.

amazing what upsets the 80 million people who read or watched 50 shades

he bragged that he has sexually assaulted women.....Bill did it and Hillary wasn't shocked at all :-D

Bill clinton a rapist much worst especially when Hillary doesn't care!!

When Bill Clinton was caught in his affairs he was given a "free pass" by the DNC controlled liberal media when he did it . And what about Hillary? What is she exactly  . Would any real woman stay with a spouse who cheated on you multiple times , and also cost the Clinton family millions of dollars in damages ? What's that say for Hillary's own self worth to her own self ? Not much . It's kind of scary too think about because most women would have dumped Bill after the first time he was caught . I question her motives -  I believe the Clinton marriage is one of greed and power - for monetary gain and power alone . That alone should scare the hell out of most people concerning Hillary Clinton- #nowayHillary

The NYT's is yellow journalism at its worst!  All for Crooked Hillary.

Yeah it's locker room talk if you're in a locker room full of rape enthusiasts

https://www.facebook.com/TheComicalConservative/photos/a.133361476797039.26402.133352176797969/949923805140798/?type=3&theater

LOCKER ROOM TALK? UMMM, I DON'T THINK SO!! If a BLACK businessman, athlete, politician, professor, doctor, lawyer, or ordinary man on the street had made the same comments, would you HONESTLY call it locker room talk? NO!!! You'd say, "He wants to SEXUALLY ASSAULT women!" I know it and you know it! STOP WITH EXCUSES!!! And admit some of you are supporting a man, you wouldn't let clean your toilets!!!

Trump like a raging bull... trying to intimidate because he has nothing else to give. He is nothing else than a clown.

So much for fair and decent moderators...Once again they take the position that they know what is best for us or they alone know what is true or not....Terrible moderators...just like the elites to think that the people are stupid. Good moderators would never insert themselves into the debate as these two attempted to do.

He punked Hillary...lol.. It was awesome and the crowd applauded him

Ha, once was enough. I needed to shower off the Trump afterwards.

In his sick twisted mind, Trump doesn't think that by grabbing a woman's p#### is actual sexual assault...hesa sick pervert

until the law focus's on it's boss's or the upper class we are doomed

He only talked about it while Bill the rapsit did it scores of times!

Uncle Billy was sitting in the first row next to his rape survivors thinking about what little girl he was going to eat for dinner.

If that is sexual assault bill should be in prison and Hillary to for covering him !

Trump delivered a beautiful beat down of that steaming pile of excrement. How decrepit does one have to be not to realize there are flies crawling around their eyes! Seriously.

If this is "locker room talk", I don't wanna know about "toilets talk" !

List of Hillary Tax Hikes  

Posted by John Kartch on Monday, September 26th, 2016, 2:11 PM PERMALINK 

Trillion dollar tax hike – Hillary’s tax hike proposals will raise taxes on the American people by over $1,000,000,000,000 over the next ten years, based on her campaign’s own numbers.

Payroll Tax Hike – Hillary said she would not veto a payroll tax increase on all Americans should such a bill reach her desk. She said she would set her middle class tax pledge aside. This took place Jan. 12 in Iowa, and it’s on video:

Moderator: “Democrats have introduced a plan that Senator Sanders supports that you’ve come out against because it is funded by a payroll tax. If that were to reach your desk as President, would you veto it in order to make good on your tax pledge?”

            Hillary Clinton: “No. No.”

Soda Tax Hike – Hillary endorsed a steep new soda pop tax in Philadelphia. This will cost soda purchasers an extra $2.16 per 12-pack. Bernie Sanders called out Hillary’s violation of her middle class tax pledge:

"Frankly, I am very surprised that Secretary Clinton would support this regressive tax after pledging not to raise taxes on anyone making less than $250,000. This proposal clearly violates her pledge," he said.

Sanders also said: “The mechanism here is fairly regressive. And that is, it will be increasing taxes on low-income and working people.”

25% National Gun Tax – Hillary endorsed a new national 25% retail sales tax on guns. “I am all for that,” she told the Senate in 1993. On June 5, 2016 she was asked about her gun tax endorsement by George Stephanopoulos on ABC’s This Week. She acknowledged her gun tax endorsement and did not disavow it, saying she wanted the gun tax money to pay for Hillarycare. If you have any doubts about her strong desire to impose a new gun tax, watch her face in the video.

Doubling of federal excise tax on guns -- Hillary also endorsed a doubling of the existing federal excise tax on guns.

65% Death Tax – Hillary is now pushing a 65% Death Tax. And her own finances are arranged to shield herself from death taxes.

Capital Gains Tax Hike – Hillary has proposed the most complex and Byzantine capital gains tax regime in American history, with ten different rates. She raises the top capital gains tax rate from 23.8% to 43.4%.

No Corporate Income Tax Rate Relief for Anyone – Hillary offers no income tax rate reduction for any business. The USA has the highest corporate income tax in the world, which kills jobs and makes us less competitive. Even Bill Clinton understands the need to cut the corporate rate.

No Personal Income Tax Rate Relief for Anyone – Hillary offers no income tax rate reduction for any American.

Carbon Tax – Hillary’s campaign has opened the door to a carbon tax if she wins the White House. Democrat Senate Leader Chuck Schumer is also fantasizing about a carbon tax under Hillary, and a carbon tax is part of the official 2016 Democrat party platform.

Oh like how she bragged about destroying a 12 year old rape victim on the stand?

No, he does not understand

Anderson Cooper is a monster :)

This is NOT locker room talk. This is sexual assault.

No. That's NOT "locker room talk." That's SEXUAL ASSAULT.

Dump Tr💩mp

#grabthembytheballottnov8

His goose should be cooked over this.

Donald Trump is a sexual predator. Point blank. End of story.

Why do I doubt Trump's level of experience in locker rooms?

Next President Of The United States Of America Donald J. Trump

Some locker room.

Congressman R. Hanna on Trump : 
"I regard him as someone who is infantile and vulgar."
By Gary Liberatore. Oct 9, 2016
Utica, N.Y. - 
Rep. Richard Hanna of Barneveld says when he heard the audio of Donald Trump that came out late Friday from a 2005 Access Hollywood interview where Trump made crude comments about women, he thought it was sad, "Pathetic that an individual who would seek to be president of this country and all it represents could have that kind of behavior, but having said that, it's not surprising."

Hanna, who will leave office at the end of this year, has never supported Donald Trump from the beginning.  His downtown Utica office has even been the scene of protests by some local residents who believe as a republican, Hanna should get behind the republican candidate for president.
Hanna says despite many top republicans who have supported Trmp up until now, now withdrawing their support, he doesn't think Trump will ever take himself out of the race, "I don't believe so.  I think this man has no shame.  I know a lot of his supporters and the overwhelming majority of people supporting Trump are infinitely better than he is and they deserve a better person to support.  It's sad for me that the people would cling to him simply because they find Hillary so undesirable, but that's no reason to support this man.  He's beneath our dignity and doesn't deserve to represent this country and never should."
Hanna says he will be watching Sunday night's second presidential debate closely, but says he doesn't know what to expect, "I think it'll be more watched than the last one frankly.  I have no idea.  I'm going to watch it.  I'm kind of curious how he defends something that is so undefendable, but he seems perfectly comfortable.  And frankly he is beyond shaming.  He has no capacity for personal introspection or reflection on his own culpability and guilt.  I regard him as someone who is infantile and vulgar."

I am a Republican who will not vote for Trump.  I refuse to support him.  This is a sick joke.  I will slso not support any other elected Republican who supports Trump.  There is still time to remove him.  Please, we need a candidate we can be proud of and support!!!

I also did not hear him say that he apologized to Nancy O'Dell.

Trump is a sexist pig, perv, and bully.  No man has the right to touch a woman without her consent. 'locker room talk' is NO excuse. 
Billy Bush lost his job and Trump should lose his nomination slot. Sexual assault is no joke. End of story.

How  does saying it was locker room talk make it ok?



I am just surprised he bothers to use tic tacs.

So because it happens in a locker room it suddenly makes it ok?

They have locker rooms in prisons?

Man do that to lift their ego, brag about being intimate with women. it  is not fair but it is a very common type of behavior. Looks like Tramp and Clinton and many men of power have a very strong libido and multiple sexual partners and the difference is some of them brag about it and others like to hide it.

The funniest moment- when he said he is an gentleman!🤔😭

was in a locker room when he said those things? nope!

If this is "locker room talk" I'm glad my son isn't a "jock."

... and that makes it okay? No, Donald.

How is it locker room talk when he named someone he hit on?

The fact is Donald Trump is a PERVERT.

You people are insane!  Howard Stern humor!  Sarcasm and possibly a bit serious!  You all twist everything!  Hitlary's list of wrong doing is much longer and much more concerning when it comes to the security of this Country and the World!

Wow so locker room talk is bragging about sexual assault.

Two words - sexual assault.

Go hilary go and win

Dear Donald: You are a pig. Sincerley, every woman in America.

He is the deplorable one.

Dump the Trash Trump

Sociopath, people. Sociopath. Look it up. He's irredeemable.

New york times why won't bring up hillary clinton mess

Right! At what age does this mess of a man grow up?

Nazi Times is at it again

both need to step down for America

His first words were, once again, a denial of a recording of something outrageous that he said.   This guy is gets in the White House and America will quickly look like a dictatorship.   I am sure a very special prosecuter will be created and Hillary, Obama, and thousands of other Americans will be rounded up.  It won't be just Hillary.

Biased media

Wedding vows are locker room talk too!

He was giving suggestions on how to greet women.

He is far too ignorant to understand that.

Trump is pathetic!

Sounds familiar eh

#NeverTrustAConMan

The liberal media is insane !

And that makes it ok how exactly?

Trumps stalking and lurking over her was weird.

Decent guys who like women do not talk like that.

Did he apolgize to the women?  esp the one he named?

Admit that Hillary got off easy re.: classified emails. ;) JGD. ----dr.

Not in the locker rooms I've been in.

Yep!
I hear nothing ??
microphone doesn't work 
😝😛😛😜😄😀😒😔😛😂😀

State will remain Islamic Trabkm in your streets Tzbgm Coming ....

White male privilege ...

"your a very naughty boy" ...............vote trump !!!

#dontgrabmypussy

https://youtu.be/N5kp3WYniRQ

Oh well locker room talk ...

Trump 2016

So again in denial rather than profound excuses stage?

He did

He still doesn't acknowledge that what he did was wrong.  If Mr. Thin Skin gets elected this world may have better luck ducking a careening asteroid than a twitchy orange trigger finger.

disgusting PIG!

He's a liar!

How not to be presidential material

HE HAS NO RESPECT FOR WOMEN AT ALL ,,,,WAKE UP AMERICA

No, this is a man, who wants to be president, condoning and participating in rape culture.  And let's not forget he was married when talking about trying to F%^k another woman.

Wow. Insane MUCH??

No it is not.

"i applegize to people who are offended"

BIAS MODERATORS

Stupidity comes from his mouth every time!

He is so nasty to be doing that

His word sucks

Bono falou tudo 
https://youtu.be/YnFnPMbqiYo

He is crazy!

My heartache when I see women still justify this for him.

https://youtu.be/__WuAK5YhBc

Just "locker talk" says Trump.  No one has mentioned that he also tried to get Nancy O'Dell fired 2 years after he "stated "he failed to get anywhere with her.

Deplorable

👍🏼

I'm sorry but...

No it is Not!

Locker room talk at 59? Seriously?

GO Republican Power !

He's a thug.  He admitted he sexually assaulted women. Is he still doing it?  What's the statute of limitations?  Why isn't he being treated like other sexual predators?

I NOTICED MELANIA SURE HAD A POUT ON HER FACE ALL NIGHT...GUESS SHE'S NOT BUYING IT EITHER!!!  yuck!!!!!

🐷

Un anno e mezzo di spogliatoio.

翻訳がまるで言葉になっていない、ハッキングという犯罪行為

😡😡😡😡😡

https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/?q=&mfrom=&mto=&title=&notitle=&date_from=&date_to=&nofrom=&noto=&count=10&sort=0#searchresult

https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/?q=&mfrom=&mto=&title=&notitle=&date_from=&date_to=&nofrom=&noto=&count=10&sort=0#searchresult

Femi 'Babadudu' Idowu here you go.

"Locker room talk"?  Hmmmm, how much time are you spending in locker rooms Mr. Trump?  Are you truly sorry or sorry you got busted??

It's locker room talk among rapists.  Among men, it's reprehensible.

This is where Cooper failed.  He did not force Trump to answer or to say that he wouldn't answer.

I have a bridge to sell. He certainly spoke in the past tense in that disgusting banter with Billy Bush.  

Disgusting disgusting disgusting

Leah Witte

Jackson Weber

Anderson said "do you understand that?".  Trump said "no".  That's the real the real truth of the matter.

Locker room talk, on a bus, in front of multiple people including women.  Oy vey.

does Trump have a cardio-pulmonary disorder?  every sentence was preceded by a labored snort?

Locker room talk?? Who is he kidding?  As a woman I view him as a sick sexual predator, period!

Actions speak louder than words.  This was not just locker room talk.  This was not just words.

no its not locker  room talk  ..he a  pervert sick man should not be running our country..

Nice try, Donny.  Not buying it.

This is not an issue...  Hillary lost...  Get over it...

He is basically gaslighting America       We are all crazy.

https://m.facebook.com/?hrc=1&refsrc=http%3A%2F%2Fh.facebook.com%2Fhr%2Fr&_rdr#!/199049746935671/photos/a.199051206935525.1073741828.199049746935671/679867442187230/?type=3&source=48

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154587953326171&id=686031170&ref=bookmarks

https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/videos/10157857732765725/

Felicia Red

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1q80d2vUp4&feature=youtu.be

Disgusting.  https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01LMBB64O/ref=sxts1?ie=UTF8&qid=1475969053&sr=1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9Xg_M6Mvg0

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=NvoRcPXURwg

DONAL POLICIES ARE MORE THAN AMERICAN HILARY, CITIZENS MORE SIMPLE CHORD, HILARY IS BEHIND THE VAMPIRE BILL. ,,,, Donald is the typical American who turns to look at a woman, haggling the price the store, do not hesitate to pulverize isis ... have a little more street hilary

Jessica Tysler oha

PREMIUM PACKAGE:
+ LOGO
+ LEAFLET
+ BUSINESS CARD
+ WEB BANNER
+ FOLDER

$630 old price
$480 NEW PRICE! ($150 OFF)

*only 30 days
https://www.facebook.com/freelookdesign/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9Xg_M6Mvg0

http://freebeacon.com/national-security/clinton-sought-pentagon-state-department-contracts-chelseas-friend/

🌵 Walaupun🐨 Shery💻 Paul🐴 gak😳 online,😏 tapi👮 Shery🍊 Paul😒 msh💀 bs😄 bagi🎍 bagiin🌺 sembako💾 like👯 komen👴 di🙌 branda,🍂 solnya👦 pake🍃 Robot,😘 haha

:* Sholat dulu The New York Times
:D Monday : 10 - October - 2016
:3 RobOt CReadet <3 -=[ Vivek BOt ]=- <3 The New York Times
-_- Wew.. Selisih 57 detik :)
♥ Bot beranda by Shery Paul
<3 <3 Bot Url → Viivek.tk <3

So you can sexually assault women, joke about it on tape, run for President, and still have millions of loyal followers? I guess we know how Trump will make America great "again".