And literally none of it matters, because virtually no one who supports him cares about your 'facts' or 'truth', or 'reality' for that matter......

The NYTimes is a pure shill site. As a New Yorker I am ashamed. I don't support Trump but Clinton is a terrifyingly bad candidate. and you shill for her and harmed Bernie in the primary. I am never voting for that hawk. How many times did she demonize Russia last night? Some of us don't want a cold war or real war with Russia. The American people are morons if they give her power.

I love how Trump supporters have all jumped right on the bus about trying to discredit the free press. Why is it biased to report the truth about all of Trumps lies? He lies consistently. They fact check them both. He said those lies, it's proven. They call her out on anything she may have misrepresented also. It's just NO ONE tells more lies than Trump! That's A FACT (although I realize Trumps base does not care a bit about facts, do they?)

Tell me about overposting. Tenth article to say the exact same thing in the last 3 hours or so. 
Trump surely hit a nerve....

All this from a newspaper, and I use that term very loosely, that if a video of Clinton hitting an a kid with a 2x4 came out, would do an editorial telling us how the kid deserved it.

The bias of the NY Times truly knows No Bounds.

WASHINGTON — A sexual-assault victim who is critical of Hillary Clinton and who appeared alongside Donald Trump before Sunday night's debate was paid $2,500 by a political action committee founded by Trump ally Roger Stone.

The Arkansas woman, Kathy Shelton, was sexually assaulted at age 12 and was the victim in a 1975 case in which Clinton was appointed to represent her then-41-year-old attacker, Thomas Alfred Taylor. Shelton has accused Clinton of crossing ethical bounds in the case, and over the past few months, Shelton has given TV and video interviews slamming Clinton.

Shelton's case has been extensively cited in conservative media as evidence that Clinton, the Democratic nominee for president, does not have the best interests of women at heart.
Sneak attack by Trump did not work, Hillary won the debate. Vote for Hillary Clinton

But she's the liar!! The hypocrisy is astounding!! Why anyone would vote for this man after everything he has said is remarkable,  he hit a new low with bringing those woman to the debate just shows that having daddy's money does not buy class.

New York Times just reread what you just posted on this Facebook post don't you think that's being too obvious that you are such as George Soros Hillary Clinton puppet really I mean the media supposed to look at both sides and meanwhile I hear that you was looking at Trump and bashing him and saying nonsense about mr. Trump that you showed your loyalty that shows who's paying your paycheck include only up to the CEO of New York Times which by the way have completely missed treat a woman by paying them far less than the men and paying black woman far less than white women 88 you guys hypocritically say that Trump is against women and minorities and yet you guys pay better checks to men than women in better text white woman and black woman you guys are hypocrites

New york times is crashing and burning. Dont let them fool you, they stand behind crooked killary, and the new world order.

As an Australian, I'm terrified by the idea that Trump might actually become President.
Bloody stupid Yanks, giving a brain-dead wanker the run of the farm.
He's obviously got a few very wild kangaroos loose in his top paddock.
Gawd help us all.

I am so tired of this election and any pretense that she is a good candidate. 

And Clinton? She has lied to us for years. On real things. She avoided FOIA by having a double secret private server and she did delate emails. Lots of them. And her IT guy has immunity - has pleaded the fifth over and over and has a team of six lawyers. Those are not the actions of an innocent man.

Since so many of his lies have been already documented and that he just repeats them time and again, perhaps the moderators should be like soccer referees when they catch him in one: blow a whistle to stop the debate and hold up a yellow card?

"Donald Trump has no record of public service and no qualifications for public office. His affect is that of an infomercial huckster; he traffics in conspiracy theories and racist invective; he is appallingly sexist; he is erratic, secretive, and xenophobic; he expresses admiration for authoritarian rulers, and evinces authoritarian tendencies himself. He is easily goaded, a poor quality for someone seeking control of America’s nuclear arsenal. He is an enemy of fact-based discourse; he is ignorant of, and indifferent to, the Constitution; he appears not to read."
The Atlantic Magazine today supporting Hillary

Where is it ok to call out your opponent the devil???  Is that how he will handle or address other grave affairs or other leaders, by name calling??

The DT's. His slander continues to shame American politics. Sen. Clinton's focus and forbearance, against his lying, his stalking, his ranting, is testimony to her amazing strength.

Years ago, Donald Trump coined the phrase "truthful hyperbole" to describe his endless prevaricating. Over time, he has refined it to near-perfection--until the fact-checkers chime in.

If there is another debate, they need to put them in sound-proof booths, and cut off the mic when they go off topic. Or maybe they should record it, and only replay the parts that are on topic and verified true, with all the spin and sound-bites edited out. If this standard had been applied to last night's "debate", Trump's sniffing would be about all we'd hear from him. (Maybe the sniffing is his "tell" for lying.)

The lies were exhausting. The predatory, menacing, intimidating stalking of Hilliary Clinton on stage was creepy and uncomfortable for me as a woman. I am done with tbis testosterone filled world. Time for women to take a stand.

DEBATE 2

(Trump) “needed to rise above the small and petty and inspire America with grand ideas and aspirational goals and lift America’s spirits with lofty words and soaring rhetoric. He needed to convince America that he’s a decent human being; that he’s not a clear and present danger to humanity.

But his more-pressing short-term need was to reassure women that he’s not a disgusting chauvinistic pig; that he’s not a threat to females.

Reagan violated federal law and no one threatened to lock him up.

Clinton was impeached for lying to congress and no one threatened to lock him up.

Bush destroyed 55 million emails and no one threatened to lock him up.
In modern history, no president or presidential nominee has ever threatened on live national TV to have the nominee of the other party “locked up.”

Not until Trump did so tonight; not until, for the first time in history, a woman is a nominee.

And as if that wasn’t frightening enough, he menacingly loomed over her as he creepily stood behind her, punctuating his verbal threat with physically-threatening posture.

Sure, his threat stoked the excitement-level of his supporters and his didn’t-fall-on-his-face performance took the edge off their despair.

But energizing his base wasn’t what he needed to do – he has their unconditional support, regardless.

He needed to ADD to that support, because his base isn’t numerically sufficient to elect him.

And tonight, he added no one.

He thrilled no soul.

He warmed no heart.

His horror-film performance, towering his 6’ 2” macho frame threateningly over a female, only chilled spines.” - Craig Hardegree

I am so insanely frightened at the thought that Hillary WANTS to take us to war with nuclear Russia, that that's fundamentally the only reason I would ever hold my nose and vote for Trump.

So Trump didn't implode on national television, and his ignorant, sycophantic supporters want us to believe that means he won the debate. So very incorrect. I wasn't very impressed with Hillary's performance, but Trump, once again, came armed with little more than lies, aggressive rhetoric, and 0 policy details. He did finally admit to not paying federal taxes for two decades. He managed to suggest that the solution to Islamophobia in America is for American Muslims to "come forward" when their fellow Muslims are making bombs next door. He made the unprecedented and dangerous threat that he'd seek to prosecute Clinton, if he's elected. He claimed to have neither spoken with nor agree with his own running mate. He interrupted constantly- again. He refused to actually answer a single question, opting instead to bloviate about the same tired issues that appeal only to his sad, pathetic base. He sniffed and stuttered and glowered, and he did absolutely nothing to reassure the legions of voters turned off by his vulgar antics. We're in a wretched state of American politics, and once again, Donald Trump seemingly has no interest or ability to raise that bar any higher. Instead he'd rather go so low that he's basically tunneling underneath us. But, as is all too clear by now, that's what we ought to expect from bottom feeders.

.Trump is a lecherous old pervert using his money to lure his victims with promises of stardom. ... always on the hunt ....who was caught on tape planning a sexual assault on yet another unsuspecting vulnerable young woman......while his trophy bride was home pregnant with his fifth child..... by his third wife...one of which said he raped her.

Will this paper ever be not so outrageously biased again? Long after Trump when will you be journalists again. This is disgusting ... Even if u hate Trump the bias shown by this paper is dangerous to our democracy and a disgrace now . ugggh

Bill Maher nailed it when he started a segment titled "I don't know it for a fact, I just know it's true."  That is how many Americans - too many Americans think these days.

Not only are these bought-and-paid for victims hypocrites, how they can sit next to a misogynist who's been accused of rape several times is appalling. It became apparent Trump purchased the Miss Universe and other pageants as a way to 'inspect' the contestants by repeatedly walking in on them nude. He made lewd remarks and would have the women line up, asking the other contestants which ones they thought were "hot". Purchasing those pageants has been a predators paradise for Trump. He also bragged that his daughter was "voluptuous and hot" and that he would "date her".  Despicable is an understatement. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-undeniable-rape-culture-of-donald-trump_us_57ee5879e4b0c2407cdd4c92

"His gamble is plain enough: He believes he can fool a lot of the American people a lot of the time. He has decided that lying pays."

Stick a fork in the NY Times, they're done. Clinton's campaign is done. Watch the neo-coms (neo-Communists) run like rats!

And yet he is allowed to lie and his supporters clap for the lies. It's so sad to see someone with no plan and frankly no respect for any of those undecided voters on that stage run for president

Why is #CinnamonHitler allowed to suggest his vulgarity and admissions of sexual assault are "locker room talk" when he was IN THE WORKPLACE?

Wahhhhh......Donald's not nice, we need Hill-i-lie she's the only one that can save us...wahhhhh. Are you guys for real? Frankly there isn't anyone of us that hasn't talked trash or lied but you guys act it's only Trump....I believe Hill-i-lie has been caught in more lies and messes but you guys don't want to expose her. NY Times in Hill-i-lie pocket?

it's unfathomable to me that anyone, particularly women, could have so much hatred for Hillary Clinton that they would throw any support behind Donald Trump.

But his followers can't see it because they are deeply steeped in a war/alpha male/patriarchal mindset. There is a better way--and it has to do with collaboration, wisdom, and using that warrior instinct in a positive way in your own life to conquer your own demons.

She's lied about the reason for the Benghazi attacks, she lied about the emails that she deleted (or allegedly handed over), she lied about not knowing that "C" meant classified, she lied about Bills involvement with his victims, she lied about the Clinton Foundation and the pay2play mentality... Should I go on?

I think you're confused. Hillary lied about benghazi her emails ,Isis,Russian hacking, and the lies she's been feeding to Americans for years. She is a criminal,has been involved in too many shady things,her and Debbie weatherman Shultz rigged the primary. Trump sucks too but Hillary needs to be in prison with her old buddy Bernie madoff

You guys seem to be criticizing NY Times as biased for a piece that states right in the post that's is an Op Ed. Where's your critical reading skills?

Wow, The NY Times is so biased...ugh, how ridiculous! Whatever happened to objective journalism? Disappointing. Also, I always find grammatical errors in this paper - not acceptable.

What planet is everyone living on? Hillary lied - Trump is pointing it out and they are trying to deflect her dishonesty - really - wake up!!!

But he did not break laws. Destroy evidence, funnel money to a "foundation", deliberately delete emails, have his staff take the 5th under congressional questioning.  Normal citizens are in jail for lessor crimes clinton is basically guilty of. I cannot vote for a would be felon.

We know who ny times campaigns for. In the past, the media provided the nation with non opinionated information. Losing the professionalism in the manner provided to the public, in the very recent past. In college when we submitted a paper, we were asked to provide facts, not personal bias. This was in the 80s.

"The cache of emails includes campaign strategies aimed at keeping the public perception of Clinton favorable, focusing particularly on her transparency, especially in light of the FBI investigation into her use of a private email server. The strategies sometimes reveal the campaign presiding over stylistic points and emphasizing what is to be described as “on the record.”

Of particular note is one January 2015 document which includes references to Maggie Haberman. Formerly of Politico, Haberman now covers the presidential election for the New York Times. According to the leaked document, she’s a “friendly journalist” who has “never disappointed” in painting a positive picture of Clinton."

https://www.rt.com/usa/362249-clinton-leaks-press-elections/

Hilary was an attorney and believes as most do in a fair trial.  She was strongly coerced to defend this person and she did her job.  Gee sounds like sometimes we have to swallow our pride and do as good a job as we can. I've been there. You do what your boss says!

Look the way I see it is that it don't matter who becomes president the middle class will still get cheated and ripped off. Lol. Look people this hole thing is rigged they already decided who the president is going to be and no one on this sight is going to benefit.

If I were DJT, one of my orders on my first day as POTUS is to ban this wretched newspaper for high treason and have its entire personnel incarcerated! #TrumpWins #MAGA.

Lies. So many lies. Yuuuge lies. Biggest liar ever. Believe me. They will vote for him even if he shoots someone in the face, as the liar actually said truthfully. Terrible.

Fact check this! Has Donld Trump had a hand in 4 people being killed, Lying Killary Hilary has and who knows how many more! . Who cares what Donald Trump said 10 years ago! I bet Andrson Cooper has made some comments also! Go Andy Cohen!

Hillary isn't the one that released the audio of Trump. She didn't take this to the gutter, but he sure has. Trump has turned the run for the presidency into a Jerry Springer episode.

All that the comments here are showing is what a great divide we'd all have to cross as Americans when this election is over. We have let our candidates split us when we should have each other's backs. If we really want change we should join together and insist on those changes. Vote for senators and congress people who truly represent our interests, not their party's. The focus is on the presidential candidates but in reality, a president does not and cannot act without a congress that is intent on working for the constituents and not their party. Let's look for people like that.

Thank you for continually trying to make people face facts- I still think it's worth it! Unfortunately many on his side don't care.

Hillary said this in one of her Wall St speeches:
The main reason behind successful immigration should be painfully obvious to even the most dimwitted of observers: Some groups of people are almost always highly successful given only half a chance (Jews*, Hindus/Sikhs and Chinese people, for example), while others (Muslims, blacks** and Roma***, for instance) fare badly almost irrespective of circumstances.

That's funny - if you read her emails. He was spot on with where she was when Benghazi was happening. 

If you read her emails - he was spot on about how her choices led to the empowerment and growth to ISIS.

Seems to me you wish he was not telling the truth. 

The only one not in touch wth reality is Clinton.

Lots of accusations about someone that not only controlled the debate and the biased moderators, but kept Clinton on the defense the entire night. The manufactured October surprises have backfired in a major way.

His disciples don't care about facts or truth. They have proven that over and over. But we can take hope in the fact that GOOD people who do care about facts outnumber the ignorants.

Remind Pence that when the Clinton/Lewinsky scandal was hot, Trump said it was no big deal. He then went on to play golf with the guy, and have those crude locker room discussions. Now that he's running against Hillary, he brings these women out to shame the Clinton's and their supporters. These women got used. Again!!!

This is unfair. Trump doesn't lie in the traditional sense of stating as facts that which he knows are untrue. He doesn't know what he is talking about in the first place, and just makes stuff up, as former CIA analyst Valerie Plume observed last night. When his managers try to stuff his head with facts for the debates it just makes him more confused which is why he cannot even speak in complete sentences.

You're lieing..the more you lie the stronger  Trump gets. The system is scared shitless that a REAL American is going to bring us back to the founding principles of the country. No more will we worship at the alter of multi culturalism or globalisation. #trumptrain

He is the epitome of chronic liar if you look it up his picture is bound to be right next to it unbelievable poor choice of words from trump totally believable no Trump and believable can't even be in the same sentence I don't even know how to say it this guy is a straight-up liar he can tell a lie faster than he can tell the truth

And then Trump said....I will say this about Hillary: She doesn't quit. She doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She's a fighter.....Great job reference

He sure told the truth when be said Hillary deserves to be in jail. No one can deny that or that she is disqualified as a treasonous criminal based upon her actions. No one outside the 5% approval rated media cares about words more than actions.

TRUMP TKO! NYT you leftist Hilarious Hilary supporter! That's a disgrace no she a proven liar, and corrupt politician. Would you trust mr Clinton with your daughter? hell no! They're the worst corrupt politicians in American democracy and history! Those are the facts! Stop lying to America people! Puppets for the Clintons!

I am appalled that he just keeps saying these disgusting things but no one is making him step out of the race.  The Republicans let this happen and now they need to take care of it. I cannot believe this society believes that he could in any way make a good President.

I think pschologists must step up and intervene. make a diagnosis and tell us when lies became a danger to public health and safetly. A well documented liar must be decalred unstable and unfit and be given necessary medical help.

In case you are still sleeping, the 'Cold War' between Russia (or really Putin) and the US has already begun, since Putin is in power. Part of that strategy is to have Trump elected, because Trump is a moron who will make America weak.

And yet another biased opinion by the New York Times because they forgot to mention all the times Hillary got caught lying too.  Oh lawd we're in trouble.

Thank you for pointing this out. If only we had live fact checking on the screen last night during the debate. So many people just believe what they hear without fact checking, especially if it fits their preconceived notions.

Sounds to me like he is learning the ways of politics in this country. Lie lie lie and fill your pockets as fast as you can. Greed is running this country and don't forget all the distracting political correctness so you want notice all the corruption

He is a liar, a bully, has a ridiculously immature temperament and is very uninformed for someone wanting to make (international) politics his day job. Please, America. Don't make it happen.

All I hear is people saying Hillary would be a nightmare. How? How would this woman with 30 years of govt EXPERIENCE be a "nightmare"? Without saying "Benghazi", "emails" or repeating unfounded allegations tell me whats so awful about her.

The only way to justify Trump's actions and lies is to bash Clinton. There's no real argument to prove that Trump should be president. He never answered a question accurately. Trump's behavior was really childish.

So sad how this race has divided an already divided America! The things that I have heard people say during this election to one another have been awful and filled with so much hate! Hopefully the healing can begin soon

Russia is actively interfering in our elections. We can't just ignore that. I don't want a Cold War either and I definitely don't want a hot war, but Russia is interfering with our sovereignty and that isn't something any country can ignore.

And as he said, he could shoot someone and wouldn't lose any voters so he threatens to put his opponents and press in jail and it is ok with his followers..........until they do something and he comes for THEM!!

It's hard to believe that was a PRESIDENTIAL debate last night. For the next debate I hope the finger pointing (see photo above) and name calling can stop and there s a discussion of the ISSUES. Wishful thinking!!

He will forever lie!!! It takes a real man to admit he was wrong!!! He isn't a man and will never be one!!! He's a coward and probably is bipolar, he behaves irrational and has shown how unstable he is!!!

Clinton does not support national security or enhancing our countries society. It's clear through her actions and lies. I will any day support someone who is willing to secure our borders and not endanger our national security through reckless behavior like Hillary.

Ah but stated the absolute truth in his closing comment. Hillary is a fighter; she will never give up #VoteBlue all the way down the ballot and give this FIGHTER a congress we deserve!!!

Here's a good one - he stated in the first debate that he was smart to not pay taxes and in the second that he had paid millions in taxes. Now, yes, there are taxes and there are taxes but only his hairdresser knows for sure.

18 U.S. Code § 2071 - Concealment, removal, or mutilation generally

Current through Pub. L. 114-38. (See Public Laws for the current Congress.)
US Code
Notes
Authorities (CFR)
prev | next
(a) Whoever willfully and unlawfully conceals, removes, mutilates, obliterates, or destroys, or attempts to do so, or, with intent to do so takes and carries away any record, proceeding, map, book, paper, document, or other thing, filed or deposited with any clerk or officer of any court of the United States, or in any public office, or with any judicial or public officer of the United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both.
(b) Whoever, having the custody of any such record, proceeding, map, book, document, paper, or other thing, willfully and unlawfully conceals, removes, mutilates, obliterates, falsifies, or destroys the same, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than three years, or both; and shall forfeit his office and be disqualified from holding any office under the United States. As used in this subsection, the term “office” does not include the office held by any person as a retired officer of the Armed Forces of the United States.

Hillary Wall St speech:
"My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere,” Clinton told a Brazilian bank in 2013. She added, “We have to resist, protectionism, other kinds of barriers to market access.”

after megyn kelly fact checked her claim of not being in office when the red line was drawn.. NYT agrees with Clinton despite the facts.. lying rag... will never read again...

LMAO--NYT..LMAO-- How much is David Brock paying you to keep slamming Trump and protecting Hillary.. after all He has offered a Bounty of 5 million for any bad info to use to smear Trump.. Something that shows the world the disgusting Clinton machine will try to win at all costs... Screw off NYT you lost all your creditbilty ..you are just a RagMag at this point.

At last he spoke of Hillary’s attempts to silence the victims of her husband’s sexual misconducts. 
Another Hillary’s lie that needs to be exposed is her claim, that she protects the children. 
She was the architect of Adoption and Safe Families Act (ASFA), a terrible foster care law, which allows parental rights to be terminated, so children can be placed for adoption with total strangers. States receive financial incentives up to $8.000.00 for each adoption.  
Many of those abducted children are drugged with anti-psychotic drugs so it’s easier to control them. Our state permits adoption of children by gays and according to the state Auditor even by people with criminal record. But the state agency DCF refuses to disclose the actual numbers.
As a lawyer, Hillary Clinton should have foreseen that offering bounties on child head will backfire, and it did. 
To maximize federal incentives and to keep abuse/ neglect rates up, Massachusetts liberal legislature, passed a law M.G.L.c. 119§ 51A, 51B, which permits Department of Children and Families (DCF), to create presumption of parental guilt based on speculative theory called “reasonable cause to believe”.    
This Inquisition style, high risk of error process, requires no evidence against parents; instead relies on beliefs and suspicion of the accuser, as in 1692 Salem Witch Trials.
To influence the DCF’s imagination, another law was passed- Session Law of 2008 chapter176, section 32(7a), which tied the DCF’s budget to its caseloads. If this is not a conflict of interest, I don’t know what is? 
The Department of Children and Families, misrepresents and fabricates the evidence against parents to get more money. I do have evidence of DCF’s criminal misconduct, but our liberal media refused to expose it.  I presented the evidence in courts and asked for special prosecutor to be appointed to investigate the DCF. But in Massachusetts there is a pervasive lack of honest and impartial judges, which is the result of political appointments to the bench. Judges lie and exclude solid evidence in order to protect state interest. 
Even our Attorney General sworn to enforce the law, protects criminals from the DCF. The following quote from Assistant Attorney General, Jennifer Flynn, makes a mockery of a state law, and shows how corrupt our government has become:

 “M.G.L.c.268 §6A criminalizes the filling or publishing of false report by any officer or employee of the Commonwealth. This statue however, does not provide for a private right of action”. “Further, plaintiff’s civil rights claims against Ms. Sarjeant fail because (1) she is immune from suit in her official capacity; (2) she is immune in her individual capacity based on the doctrine of qualified immunity.”(November 2014).

It’s a criminal enterprise; where state’s legislature, DCF, Attorney General and state courts collude together to destroy families in order to collect federal ASFA & CAPTA funds. I do believe that Hillary Clinton contributed to it.

he also lied about his money borrowing from Russia and how did he declare the revenue he made in Russia or all part of his branding and licensing deals?  When is he moving to Russia?

Trump can literally commit a murder and his followers will be yeah that's the way to make America Great. The more repulsive he gets the more acceptable he became.

Media is spinning furiously to overcome Trump's obvious victory. But the American people know what they heard. If he wins, media filter is gone.

Anyone who thinks this was a win for Trump lives in an alternate universe. That's the level to which he has sunk this campaign. Lies, bullying, talking points, ignoramus statements. Oh yeah, low standards for him - high bar for her. No contest. She's the winner. As he always says, just look at the polls.

In order to deflect what he, as a sexual predictor did, Trump brought in and demeaned the women Bill Clinton had affairs with, (fact, Bill did not rape, Juanita recanted under oath). While Trump clearly claimed that he DOES what he said, grope, and force himself onto unwilling women, HAS raped a 13 year old, and another of Trump's victims, which runs from low-grade sexual harassment to an episode her lawyers described in the lawsuit as “attempted ‘rape’”.
As a narcissistic predictor, Trump paraded 20 year old cases to turn away from what he is doing today, as he is bullying himself as a presidential candidate. Fact Checks from last night claim Trump lied throughout the debate.
His accusations and bullying towards Hillary was only to help his cause with the deplorables of his base.

It seems to me, that after two amazing and absolutely sensational terms in office (assuming that the 22nd amendment remains properly intact too naturally?), the only possible appropiate mountain on earth actually high enough to really hono/ur president Trump's stupendous future achievements and face to-boot, will be, er, miles and miles under water - Fancy!

She simply repeated the same old tired cliched lines. She was weak and ineffective. He was FRESH- aggressive and scored BIG against her. Bravo Mr. Trump.

I watched with muting most of it, esp Trump...The questions were scandal rag equivalents from the moderators, and the moderators could not stop the bully from trying to dominate the school yard...Next one run by a Fox guy, more of T Rump repeating the far right's conspiracy theories....so I don't think I will watch it at all...

NO you are the liars. Spin spin baby. SO nice ya'll can't wait for hill's nuclear war with russia. Thanks a lot. Seriously i kind really really like my life but all the people voting for her a basically voting for war. & death on a massive scale.

She deserves to win this voting more than ever. This man is not prepared to be the president of USA. Such a shame, Trump! Go back to Miss Universe's Awards...

Destiny may restore America when the Clintons, the Obamas, Loretta Lynch, and James Comey are exposed as corrupt criminals and are arrested for the destruction of our nation. These have one mind, and they give their power and authority to the beast.

TRUMP no more debates, they all favor Hillary we do not have any true reporters or journalist any longer they are all bias. We all know by now who we are going to vote for and we do not need to put you through this again. Hillary has everyone in her pocket and it would not matter who was running against her it would still be bias.

It's a comedy show, it's entertainment industry, who lied who did not, sure both telling the truth, only one can win the show, sit back 🔙 enjoy the movie 🎥

This is utter foolishness. All he is saying is "choose Hillary".
A big point that everyone is missing is that there are Soo many people out there that absolutely will not vote for her. All the Trump followers, the Stein followers, and so on. She has less than twenty percent of the US population on her side. That is point that needs to be acknowledged.

Because Hillary didn't deflect, refuse to provide solutions, or avoid a hot topic that put her on the spot by changing the subject completely...stfu

Nothing about the debate and I will not bash either, however I do have a question. Does Hillary Have a brain shunt? I noticed last night when the camera was on her it looked as if she did, running down her neck.

Oh and he lied about this:
Very Credible Case Getting Wings NY & FL. Please Read: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/9589311/TrumpSuit.pdf
2nd link: http: www.courthousenews.com/2016/09/30/rape-allegations-refiled-against-donald-trump.htm

I was quite impressed at how well everyone in the room held in their laughter and remained composed as he bumbled on.

He headline reads "Donald Trump Goes Low."  GOES LOW?  IS THERE "lower" than what I heard him speak on that tape this past weekend?  HOW LOW does "low" go?  Will we find a cure for cancer or the secret to world peace or Jimmy Hoffa when we finally reach the very lowest of "low?"

Yeah they don't care because of the facts that condemn Hillary before he was even in the picture are enough to distract anyone from all of trumps convictions

Yes, Trump lied, but unfortunately his followers and the Hilary Haters won't read the truth or they will believe the true accounts are conspiracies.

He could have choked the poor woman on stage, and supporters would have cheered. It is a complete disgrace. The world is watching.

I have come to the conclusion that all trump supports are 100% deplorable. How could anyone unless mentally unstable vote for a disgusting subhuman. #anyonebuttrump

Thank you....finally...you can not compete let alone win a debate by lying... should have been the only thing discussed after that debacle

Love it how this One Man has exposed all the BS Media for what they truly are! It's sad when Facebook is more credible then the NYT... Roflmao at you Clowns

For those do not know what this is, it drains fluid off the brain to the stomach, not bashing just would like to know, we deserve to know because this was not mentioned in her medical release.

Mary Kay Catone-- 'double secret private server'-- is that a Breitbart term? I don't see Hillary wearing her Ovaltine decoder ring, either.

The only thing that can save America now is a solid no confidence vote for either of them... If that is even an option...? Democracy?

Putin is more popular than Hillary because she is a neo-con war-hawk. If Trump has connections to Russia, people are more concerned about Hillary's connections to sheikhs from the Gulf States, or the foreign lobby AIPAC.

The same can be said for both candidates. They both have lied, stolen, discriminated, are 2 faced, and ego maniacs. #NeverHilary #DumpTrump #PoliticsIsAGAINSTThePeople

But it's all "just words". Just like anything that comes out of his mouth. Who can believe his words about the past or his plans for the future.

Why is this page all about bashing Trump? You do realize there are two people in this race and neither of them are squeaky clean.

That's how he runs his businesses. He's a walking Ponzi Scheme who shouldn't be a Presidential Candidate in the first place.

How will the American media adjust after the elections, the only #POTUS that would keep the role of the media seems to be #Trump!!

She got called out on defending her lying scumbag rapist husband and viciously going after the women who accused him. She got called out on wanting to bring in refugees from countries that treat women like slaves and also accepting money from those countries. She got called out on wanting to double down on Obamacare which is a complete disaster.

Why do they insist that Hillary is a liar when it is clearly shown that he is the one who is deceitful, dishonest, and untrustworthy?

As much ad I hate Trump...c' Mon....he was rape talking on Howard Stern when he was slipped the Iraq war comment....I mean,all his blood and oxygen was in his little head at the time...

Trump...will you defeat ISIS with money you intend to steal from Veterans Benefits and Social Security Disability while you give all the elite taxbreaks...obviously your taxes don't help America...because you don't pay taxes...explain to me how that makes America Great ?

Does he have a history of Groping woman? He bragged about being able to do anything but are there woman stepping up to claim he inappropriately groped them?

When you have two BADs, people have no option but choose the lessor bad. And NYT is trying to tell us that Hillary is the one.....

You're presenting "his history of groping women without their consent" as a fact? Yet everything against Hillary is "alleged" or "no evidence" or "rumor." Are there no editors with integrity left in our journalistic institutions? By the same standard you advance here, Bill Clinton "has a history of raping women."

He told the truth about Hillary's donors using the same tax breaks. He told the truth about Hillary stealing the primary from Bernie Sanders. He told the truth about Bernie saying Hillary was unfit to lead.

Wow, the times are lying again. Trump crushed Clinton last night and even a smart democrat should know that. Opps, are there any?

The actual emails prove that he didn't lie. She let people die in benghazi, she sold her position in government, she rigged the primaries and bought mainstream media as evident of this article. You're not fooling anyone.

Trump provided more waffling and sniffles than intelligent discourse.

I will never vote for Trump because he wants no limits on EPA, which means put pipelines & coal anywhere no matter who suffers.

Perhaps all his sniffing was an attempt to keep his nose from growing!  #Pinocchio

Donald trump is living proof that money can't buy you statesmanship...... Class or honor...!!!!!

Smh! He said Hillary should be in jail, he should be in jail! Loser!!!

Telling lies to an ignorant audience works if you're compelling

Should we be surprised?  I would like to know how many times he said "disaster, it's a disaster"

New York Times should change their name to "Get Hillary Elected Times".

Maybe, but he is in good company on that stage.  Both of them should be ashamed of themselves and we are screwed.

The comments here show that this election is a test for our democracy. An IQ test. :(

Howabout both of them suck... so do you New York Times, for even taking a side.

Trump completely annihilated hrc ... she had no place to run ... stammered several times such as when asked about the opinion in private vs in public ... deleting emails after subpoena ...

NY TIMES is biased,  what year will you be going out of business? Go sell some ads.

And she lied to us in the capacity of a federal employee.

As a Millennial female, I found Trump's comments on women eleven years ago disgusting and gross, but not as offensive as the media is making it out to be. Trump admitted defeat in his pursuit of that woman eleven years ago. He respected her answer. If he'd continued pursuing her AFTER she said no, I believe all women would say that dangerous men fall into the latter category - but that wasn't Trump. He also said women "let" him do anything to them, which is not the same as force. Given the context, he was a successful business man, and I can think of a number of women vying to use their sexuality to move to the top and "let" him move on them. So, yes, he isn't perfect, but I don't think anyone could ask for more. We've seen Trump at his worst, while Hillary's is destroyed or locked behind closed doors. I won't waste my vote because I'm offended by words spoken over a decade ago - there are so many more important issues at stake.

Why is this in the "Opinion Section??" The fact-checking is excellent, and the links are spot on. Facts are now "Opinion?"

Trump...sniff sniff ..again ? Still the cold...or amphetamines and cocaine...that ranting paranoia was the rant of a Meth Addict.

Hilary mustve promised the The New York Times something to keep this boring bantering going.

This is OUTRAGEOUS even for the New York Times! Why are you lying to the American public about these important issues???

Trump is a psychopath. His isn't a political campaign, it's an indecent assault on America.

And Joe Scarborough hails this debate as a victory for Mr. Trump. If this is a victory, I don't want to see what he looks like in defeat.

It might be easier just to flag up any truths he tells, although that might just be by accident.

You (NYT) are so one sided. It's laughable that you call yourself journalists.

He wouldn't know the truth if it reached up and grabbed him in the pu**y.

and, again, he still DIDNT tell anyone how he's going to 'make America GREAT again' ........ just sayin', undecided voters! :?

Really sad and pathetic how his cult followers have no morals or concern for America. Try the truth, you might like it!

He's a pathological liar who is unable to tell the truth.

The bottom line is that he actually CARES about Americans.

Well it's not like rebublican care about facts and it's not like GOP base recognizes truth..so he has a good shot. We are all doomed

Newyork times want hillary to be president to go with war with Russia

He also lied about African Americans living in inner cities cause not all of us do. Someone give him a note 7 please (because note 7 phones blow up)

He is a bully - bringing those women to give the evil eye to Hillary is the same type of undermining that he pursued with the birth certificate tempest.

He's not meant to lead a country. He's terrifying to humanity. And her, I don't even know.

he lied for 90 minutes, but it does not matter to trump supporters. it amazing to me

Donald Trump has a serious health condition or he snores a lot cocaine. ;-)

Donald Trump should be ashamed of himself, probably made deals with the devil, he should be in jail as well 👎👎👎

Well. He's all yours America.  You created him. (Sorry for my friends).

Don't forget when you have one finger pointed at someone else the other four are pointed at you.

F*ck you NEW YORK TIMES....you suck !!!  Curious, how much you getting paid ??? Your just as corrupted as she is !!! :(

Like the saying goes those who live in Glass Houses should not cast stones

I cannot understand why his pants did not actually catch on fire with some of those oft-repeated whoppers.

The New York Times:- Worshiper of pervert truth/fabricated truth
Just ignore!!

He learning from the best . Hilary! She is great at... She is a losers. Should be in jail...

Her husband isn't running. Everyone is an idiot in this election.

Trump is unstoppable! American citizens have had enough of this corruption & liberal poison. New York Times is a Marxist tabloid.

And NYT lied about his 'lies', people continuing to lie to themselves... nice.

I thought The New York Times was talking about Hillary Clinton. LOL!

If only the Times weren't the establishment organ for global government.  I know, I am a deplorable.

Oh,... the New York Times....the harder you try, the more obvious and lame you look....haha...

Hillary stated it simply...Trump lives in an alternate reality.

The Media machine is in full spin this morning after a crushing debate.

A lot of the blather from Trump is a collection of mindless concepts he makes on the spot.

Poor Republicans.. Democrat will Rule the USA Forever.. :D

He is a registered liar. But calls his opponent a liar.. Unbelievable!!!!

All of you who like Trump live in a delusional place! I feel so sad for you.

I don't like trump anymore than I do Clinton but how one sided is this article?

This is a disturbed man and he is going to lose it soon. We should all be ready for that to happen!

REMEMBER WHEN BILL CLINTON WAS PRESIDENT?
(January 20, 1993 to January 20, 2001—two terms)

When Bill Clinton was president, he allowed Hillary to assume authority over an attempt to reform health care. 

Her proposed plan was so bad that many Democrats came up with competing plans of their own in protest, and in spite of threats and intimidation, on September 26, 1994, the “Hillarycare” bill was declared dead.

This fiasco cost the American taxpayers about $13 million for studies, promotion, and other efforts.

Then, President Clinton gave Hillary authority over selecting a female attorney general.  Her first two selections were Zoe Baird and Kimba Wood—both were forced to withdraw their names from consideration.  

Next, she chose Janet Reno, which husband Bill described as "my worst mistake."  

(Some may not remember that Reno made the decision to gas David Koresh and the Branch Davidian religious sect in Waco, Texas resulting in dozens of deaths of women and children.)

Husband Bill also allowed Hillary to make recommendations for the head of the Civil Rights Commission—Lani Guinier was her selection. 

After considerable backlash from prominent Democratic senators concerning Ms. Guinier's radical views, Bill Clinton withdrew her name from nomination, stating that she did not represents the civil rights views that he had championed during his campaign.

However, apparently a slow learner, husband Bill continued to allow Hillary to make more recommendations. 

She chose former law partners, Web Hubbel for the Justice Department, Vince Foster for the White House staff, and William Kennedy for the Treasury Department. 

Her selections went well: Hubbel went to prison,and rumored to be Chelsea Clintons real father,  Foster (presumably) committed suicide, and Kennedy was forced to resign.  

(Is anyone wondering yet what her Supreme Court Justice appointments would be like?)

Many younger voters will have no knowledge of "Travelgate," the first major ethics controversy during Bill’s presidency.

Hillary wanted to award unfettered travel contracts to Clinton friend, Harry Thompson—but the White House Travel Office refused to comply. 

She trumped up allegations of financial mismanagement and reported seven long-time White House employees to the FBI.  This ruined their reputations, got them fired, and caused a thirty-six month investigation. 

Eventually, most of the employees were reinstated and Clinton associates were forced out of the travel office. Only one White House employee, Billy Dale, was charged with a crime—the enormous crime of mixing personal and White House funds;  a jury acquitted him in less than two hours.

Still not convinced of her ineptness, Hillary was allowed to recommend a close Clinton friend, Craig Livingstone, for the position of Director of White House Security.  

When Livingstone was investigated for the improper access of about 900 FBI files of Clinton enemies (Filegate) and the widespread use of drugs by White House staff, suddenly Hillary and the President denied even knowing Livingstone, and of course, denied knowledge of drug use in the White House.

Following this debacle, the FBI closed its White House Liaison Office after more than thirty years of service to seven presidents.

Next, when women started coming forward with allegations of sexual harassment and rape by Bill Clinton, Hillary was put in charge of the "bimbo eruption" and scandal defense. 

Let’s look at some of her more notable decisions in this regard . . . 

She urged her husband not to settle the Paula Jones lawsuit. After the Starr investigation, they settled with Ms. Jones.  

She refused to release the Whitewater documents, which led to the appointment of Ken Starr as Special Prosecutor.  

After $80 million dollars of taxpayer money was spent, Starr's investigation led to Monica Lewinsky, which led to Bill lying about and later admitting his affairs.  

Hillary's devious game plan resulted in Bill losing his license to practice law for 'lying under oath' to a grand jury, followed by his subsequent impeachment by the House of Representatives.  

Hillary avoided indictment for perjury and obstruction of justice during the Starr investigation by repeating, "I do not recall," "I have no recollection," and "I don't know" a total of 56 times while under oath.   (Sound familiar?)  

After leaving the White House, Hillary was forced to return an estimated $200,000 in White House furniture, china, and artwork that she had "mistakenly thought was hers."

So you see, the email scandal and all of her malfeasance regarding the handling of Top Secret information, not to mention the "pay to play" schemes of the Clinton Foundation, are nothing new.  

Hillary’s entire political career has been nothing but a web of lies, corruption and destruction in her quest for power.

But unfortunately, I’m sure her loyal fans will say, "What difference does it make?"

But other than that he totally told the truth... like when he said he hasn't spoken to his handpicked VP

"Blah blah politically biased possibly bribed to say this blah" -NYTimes

Unfortunate we still have educated population in this country believing in the lies spread by this gentlemen.

Trump: "I will do to ISIS what I've been trying to do to all the beautiful women around me."

I honestly never seen any positive articles for Donald in the NY times and CNN? What is happening?

Everyone should vote for Stein and break the death grip the two party system has.

He lies too much,he is gonna be the best president ever!

His lies are only half the problem... The fact that he and his base believe them so fully is why they hold such power.

He continues to lie, about the same issues that have been fact checked, explained and disproven, as a psychological tact. If you say it enough, it becomes truth in others' minds. Great experiment, he is proving this phenomenon. How else to account for his supporters.

New York Times should be renames Islamic Times, or un American Times.

NY Times Hides Ties to Mexican Billionaire In More Than 50% of Stories    http://www.newsbusters.org/blogs/business/alatheia-nielsen/2016/10/06/ny-times-hides-ties-mexican-billionaire-more-50-stories#utm_source%3Dfacebook%26utm_campaign%3Dnyt-billionaire%26utm_medium%3Dmarketing

Does any of this really shock you? I have never liked him because of what he is.....sad he's where he is right now.

Trump and Hillary are two of a kind. Hillary being the worst of the two.

How about calling Hillary on her lies? The New York Times is so biased, they can't stand that Trump won the debate. Clinton had 30 years, now she comes up with all these ideas, little to late for this independent woman voter, Trump has my vote. Hillary gives a good story about women, meanwhile she takes millions from countries that oppress women and kill gays. The Clinton corruption needs to end.....

Thank you NYT for this. I believe it is very important to know the facts as well as the 1/2 truths, etc.

Hahaha, The New York Times is completely delusional and insane, almost as much as Trump had Hillary last night

I noticed what seemed to be a brain shunt running down Hillary's neck last night, New York Times do your job and confirm this.

"I know nothing about Russia."

TRUMP won the debate by defeating Crooked Hillary & The New York Times.

So he lies all the time. His followers do not care. He's one of them in their minds. Such simple fools.

New York times lies about trump. Then they lie for Hillary. Then they tell more lies about trump. Just goes on and on.

So tired of waking up to the liberal media trying to hijack the election

Breaking Hillary exposed❌❌

Trump destroyed Hillary 

Biased media doing anything they can to drag this crooked Hag Hillary across the Finish line! 

Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?!? 🇺🇸

meanwhile https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsNJ0w0ypmc - hilary clinton, bereft of values and coherent american national border security safety, refuses to confront the man made artificial fabrication that the terminology allah is a man made creation that is not a wedding procession for females, but a death entourage in the islamic ideology, islam is a funeral procession, and hilary clinton is throwing american women under the kaaba, by endorsing that american females are not at war with islam the saudi ARABS regimes state MAN MADE concept riddled with plagerism that scales 1400 years of protraction, hilary clinton refuses to defend american females from this man made ideology, that is now courting america with the pretense that the muslim mathematics of sharia and koran purported by the NOTION OF pi=hajj the penetration of america's firewALL, HILARY CLINTON IS BURYING america, with the abhorrent slender-man, mohammed, ideology, islam is death of female freedom, did the statue of liberty not teach clinton anything or is the light oif the statue of liberty, americas trojan horse, clinton should defend american females from mecca/kaaba/hajj the maths coming out of clintons mouth are not that of a gift horse, but bezulbub بعل الذباب‎‎, mohammeds ilk,clinton is a uneducated maniac, Female genital mutilation - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Female_genital_mutilation
Female genital mutilation (FGM), also known as female genital cutting and female circumcision, ..... Those men who do manage to penetrate their wives do so often, or perhaps always, with the help of the "little knife. ..... FGM's origins in northeastern Africa are pre-Islamic, but the practice became associated with Islam ...
ISLAM AND FEMALE CIRCUMCISION U.S. Gov. Covers Up Islamic Female Genital Mutilation - Clarion Project
://www.clarionproject.org/.../us-gov-covers-islamic......
by Meira Svirsky The barbaric practice of Female Genital Mutilation (FGM), ... Come closer so I can teach you: if you cut, do not overdo it, because it brings more ...hilary clinton, inteligence sucks, america under clinton is fast becoming the land of the stupid and the home of the america islamic female slaves, vote trump, SOS, SAVE AMERICAN FEMALES FROM HILARTY CLINTONS ENDORSEMENT OF THE ISLAMIC FUNERAL PROCESSION THAT THE muslim ideology carrys no water

Give it up !!! He DEMOLISHED her on every level. This coverage is actually not even amusing....

And YET, Hillary is known as the liar. It's astounding.

What about Hillary? I'm finished with The New York Times! #ClearlyBiased

In short, Trump is a PATHOLOGICAL LIAR. And shame on anyone who supports him.

Trump does nothing but lie because his minions don't care for the truth. Trump is absolutely mentally ill.

Soooo....where exactly is the proof of Russian hacking?

There is a reason this is in the OPINION section and not the editorial section.

So vote for Jill Stein. She's the most intelligent, truthful candidate in the race.

What I've leaned is that "deplorable" was far too kind a word and 50% was a gross understatement

You always get it wrong...Don't you morons have any conservative writers at your paper???

And that is the crux of this election. There were two liars on stage. One is a buffoon, the other is Machiavellian.

No one understands lying better than Donald Trump. Its amazing, everyone is talking about it.

He should learn a thing or two from Honest Hillary. Oh...wait

Did he actually and fully answer any question? His answers were all , " Well, that is a great question, Hillary!!!!"

And was he doing lines again .. though they were to drug test them

And yet, people can still sit there and say... but Hillary!

SURE such a neutral journalist (y) YES, do tell, LMAO!!!

Hillary Clinton has proposed so many tax hikes that they don't fit into 140 word limit on Twitter!

Why is exposing a person called a debate? Is it a new definition of a debate.

Hillary said this:
A. Voters of Kentucky and West Virginia are religious bigots

B. Southern Baptist voters in those states are bigots and racists

Trump works4 America.#HillWillGetUsKilled Hill wants to tax medicare payments.#HighTaxHillary.com✔compares tax plans

I didn't even need to fact check this debate. Same lies, different day.

Is it really possible that America had no better candidates for the Presidency ?!!!! I wonder!!!

But Hillary Clinton is a bastion of truth. GTFO propaganda rag.

The big liar is Hillary - and on a much more dangerous level!!

NYT is now offering OP/ED section as fact. New low. Thought Hilly told
you to go high?

He lies, she lies so here is our choice. Pick one the crooked one or the crazy one. I am just sick for our country

I am writing about "locker room talk" for my college writing class. If you're male and you could complete my anonymous survey I would really appreciate it. https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/27ZWWPF

No he did not lie about Benghazi I have been following it. What has she lied about ?! Your newspaper is a joke

I compare Donald Trump,like that movie Dead zone candidate!
Third world war here we go...tragic 😞😞.

This site is hypocritical, you do not follow your mission statement. What a shame.

Get over it NYT,  your candidate was all over the place, including denying she was SOS during the "red line" with Syria.

But it doesn't seem to matter. His base and all of the conservative pundits are crowing about his "win!"

Please, please stop using "groping" in place of sexual assault. It's a gross euphemism.

The basket of deplorables are on a rampage if they knows what that means

Is anyone surprised? His supporters don't care about the truth!

Sorry... SHE is the liar about destroying subpoenaed evidence.She is the liar about Benghazi. She uses the SAME legal tax deferments that Trump uses . She attacked the MANY women Bill Physically assaulted. Get the facts straight!

Mr. Trump has surprised the world with their knowledge of ISIS. Mr. Trump does not think why Russia does not bomb ISIS and ISIS from where Russian weapons. Mr. Trump praises Mr Putin. What's the plan from Mr. Trump?

To be fair don't you think you should report the Clinton lies as well?

And yet the comments are mostly anti HRC. The media better get it together and recognize they are possibly underestimating the voting base.

And those that love him will never see the truth..scary.

Let's put this in words that Donald J. Trump can understand. 

Liar. Liar. Pants on fire.

Tyler Eaton just in case you still think Hillary's the only one lying...

All the left does is take what their candidate is actually doing and blame that on the right.

Trump and Hillary are both pathological liars, the only real candidate is Gary Johnson

I feel that he will be a strong and active president . will put the us in a positive position for its people ..good luck trump

He lied, but won the debate, listening to Morning Joe.

The NYT never fails to amuse. You have to give them credit though. It's a very tough job trying to make Hillary look good.

NYT I think you have the title of this op-ed wrong....it should say SHE not he.....come on the editorial control is shameful...

Or...he was actually telling the truth and your paper can't handle the person you clearly support might just not win....

THE FACT IS DONALD TRUMP SHOWED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HOW CORRUPT OUR GOVERNMENT IS!!!!

Trump won this debate. There is no doubt about it. Trump 2016.

Haha...NYT, you are so boring with your same BS, sound desperate. Put  ice on your burn from yesterday bc it was painful to watch...

So we are just waiting to see which one lies the least and which one lies the best at selling themselves . Both a terrible choice to make. In my opinion.

She lies out her teeth too!!! Bruce Springsteen for President!!!!!!!!!

NYT, Your time as being relevant is past. Your influence on this election is nill ;)

In the Creepy Orange Clowns defense it takes a lot of "Stamina" to tell so many lies!

You got to be kidding me. Hillary Clinton and Washington is broken and Corrupt.

Who can be bothered with the truth?  He's a man and to some those broad shoulders are enough.

And the Slimes refuses to call out the witch for much bigger, more dangerous lies!  Yawn!

Carly Simon says it all about Donald "You're So Vain" Trump. Feel Free to share across all social media platforms: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKaiedK9SFc

Well at least Hillary has always been open and honest about everything.

Anybody that can see much good in either Trump or Clinton baffle me because I sure can't.

And he is still going to win because the Clintons are worse !!
Get used to it NYTs

the election is between hurricane Trump and hurricane Hillary.. two dangerous set of people.

Shame on you for debating in this manner. Do you not have guidelines to follow in terms of protocol and respect for your citizens?

And Hillary Clinton was a pillar of morality and honesty. Ok...

You forgot the s in front of he, it should say she lies!

Hahaha. How do you write and article about "lies" and actually hit the publish button without mentioning Killary? Straight up comedy NYT. Nobody takes you seriously.

If Trump were to murder someone and it was recorded and published, his deplorables would STILL vote for him.

And how could anybody believe anything that these people put in n tv or the Internet we have been lied to

And IF he did all of this Hillary should love him because he would be just like her husband..,

That's true!! People
Who care about him don't care about the truth!!

How have the americans allowed a politician to rake in over 200 mil from being a politician and has been allowed the right to kill civilians and covered up her husbands lies while in power

And no one died..can't say the same for Crooked Hillary

Yes Trump sucks, but why isn't the Times calling Hillary out on her many lies??? Let's be fair, folks!

How come you haven't reported the Hillary lies. Seems to me you are biass

When asked whether his opponent was a liar, Abraham Lincoln said "l believe he has difficulty with the truth"

Yet his supporters don't really care about the truth...

Donald Trump lies relentlessly, and is running for president??? How horrifying!  How could such a thing happen???

All he ever does is lie, but his lies are catching up to him.

Jesus. How do we save ourselves and our beloved country from what almost half of us have become? How do we save US from US?

Trump's getting boring. Can we please tune him out and focus on something else?

For some one who's not voting u sure do dog trump a lot .. lol

Regrettable facts r not facts in hands of yellow journalists. NYT interpretation.... PARTISAN.

Hillary Clinton: "It's just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country."
Donald Trump: "Because you would be in jail."

wow so Americans have to choose among 2 liars, which one is better liar and here you go .. #Hillary2016 😉

You mean we should trust the liberal media. Nobody lies as much as killary

And unfortunately, his relentless lying works well for him

Americans
please stop supporting him anymore and believe me he is not fit for presidency

Why did it take so long for your paper to grow a pair and call him on his lies? What are your editors scared of?

He told the truth when he said Hillary's a fighter who doesn't quit.

It would have been more fun to watch if The Donald had appeared in his briefs...

He accused bill Clinton of rape. What about his own accusation of rape of a 13 year old?

He lied about Canadian healthcare 

http://www.weeklystandard.com/donald-trump-praises-canadas-socialist-health-care-system-it-works/article/1006583

Donald Trump is a bully, an idiot and talks absolute rubbish.

What politician tells the truth they all lie ....just keeping face pacifying What the public wants to hear give trump and bill some cigars they will help hillary release some build up pressure...oh but i guess bill wont touch hers lmao

Yeah, the OPINION section. YOUR opinion. your BOUGHT OUT opinion. pathetic....

They are both liars. You should really admit that when it comes to lying HRC is the best.

And he honestly believes everything he says is accurate! Facts are facts Trumpkin. VOTE GREEN FOR HOPE OF PEACE!

If Trump thinks his followers are like him then I can't think of a worse insult.

They did fact check him and her. He lied about most things. Clinton did have some things, but not like he did.

There are lies on both sides, I heard lies come out of her mouth also!

You don't have opinions, NYT, you're a propaganda tool. Now pay your taxes.

NYT has become full time Clinton propaganda. Sad!

NYT try reporting he truth !!! Seems your butt hurts this morning !!!

Because your ignorant! He could shoot someone and you'd say it's ok!

Cry babies... Hillary was supposed to win she has 35yrs of experience. 
Be angry at Hillary, Mr. Trump is just the new man in town.

HAHA! New York Slimes. We ALL know who the LIAR is. The Lying Corrupt Crony Queen had her crown knocked off last night.

And Hillary destroys the women who have been screwed by her husband. takes big money from countries that treat women worse than dogs. Lies about her e-mails to cover her deals with the foundation. you tell me who is worse. the democrats are so delusional.

Hillary's life in brief: She is an enabler for her serial rapist husband....the end.

And it only took this long after running for president to call him out on it, gee good job press.

Trump won the debate.and Clinton should be in jail.

And NYT keeps the Bill Clinton sexual escapades under wraps. SO WHAT if Trump had bad mouthed some tramp.

Spin spin spin all we can do get Hillary to win. Lie lie lie all about our side don't care if the USA dies.

DOES HILLARY HAVE A BRAIN SHUNT running down the right side of her neck????

Admit that Hillary got off easy re.: classified emails. ;) JGD. ----dr.

Treason to even go there with putting Traitors Clinton back in the White House. During War?

LOL! YA!!. He lied all through! And NYT is Buddha.... Speaks only Truth!!........

Will your sons sacrifice to fight against Isis like those of us veterans who already have...are you ready to lose a son or daughter..

Or will you award yourself with more medals you never earned.

That sexual maniac tabloid queen  didn't strike me of being remorseful for his actions au contraire it was disgusting to capitalize on other alleged victims which lost all credibility when they seen very comfortable seat in with the alleged perpetrator?.Trump is a master of TV reality but as a politician is just an imposter playing one in TV, he is clueless about Government policy and how Lead this country forward!

Well, this sounds like a balanced opinion piece.

Trump almost got her with the you'd be in jail comment...Hilary counters with sexual assault...I knew it was over when Howard Stern came out and grabbed her crotch

Years back, Trump had put down the women he proudly and shamelessly pranced in front of the world last night to deflect the sexual predictor he is today...read what he said 20 years ago.......

http://mediamatters.org/research/2016/10/09/reminder-media-trump-worst-possible-messenger-clintons-marriage/213671

Failing newspaper catering to people whose minds are lost in space.

Trump supporters got their Jerry Springer Show last night. Trump is finished.

She got beat badly...why don't you editorialize that? #HRC #LiarinChief

I remember when journalism wasn't supposed to be biased

When we say Jewish controled Media, this is a great example of it.

He's a Joke. An insult. An idiot! A pathological liar. A dangerous narcissed! Folks wake up!

I found the article about Trump's rape charges. In 1994 he raped a 13 year old girl. So, why hasn't this gone viral?

My favorite part was, Donald J. Trump saying he will instruct a special prosecutor to look into Hillary Clinton if he's elected

Clinton RAPED women and his wife trashed them. End if story!

Remember a fly landed on Obama's face too, this is an omen if we elect her we will be in deep sh*t!!! What are the odds that a fly would land on two liberals that are full of BS???

I wish Trump's rape of a 13 year old was brought up. Clinton's womanizing of groupies is nothing compared to assaulting women and raping of a child.

She will push to destroy the supreme court, increase the propaganda war against Russia to the point we go to WWIII On the wrong side of the battle. Increase immigration by a million Muslims in order to fulfill the Soros directive in order to cause insurrection and economic collapse. Response from citizens to fatwas called by the mosques to go to war will lead to fighting Islam door to door as Germans are coming close to doing. This will lead to implementation of the executive orders Obama has put in place for a federalized police state under United Nations control which is where Obama will probably go next. She will pass TPP which unites with the European trade agreements and agenda 21 and crisis response will lead to single payer under government control finishing up controlling all aspects of our lives. Civil war will lead to death beyond imagination, the Muslim Brotherhood controlled DHS has billions of rounds of ammunition. Patriots are already all over the Homeland security threat list. Most life needs resources will be controlled and used for control. The resistance will be overcome despotism will be the rule and despotism leads blind sheep to accept any shepherd.

http://www.bizpacreview.com/2016/10/09/frank-luntz-stunned-dramatic-debate-focus-results-thought-done-back-race-399031?utm_source=BizPac+Review+Email+Newsletter&utm_campaign=ccb5bdae2a-ANY_OPENS_10_10_1610_10_2016&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_fbf9323fb3-ccb5bdae2a-32302729

So has this lady been lying all along, or Donald, despite the wishy washy "No" you said at the debate, have YOU? - http://bipartisanreport.com/2016/10/07/remember-that-time-no-one-believed-this-woman-who-said-trump-groped-her-crotch/

ny times youre totally and completely pathetic lol

The real liar here is you the New York Times.

The New York Times lied about everything

"Yeah, but Hillary..." - every Trump supporter.

No surprise! He lied!! A lot!!!!!!

NYT all the yellow journalism unfit to print.

M.A.D.D. NEW FUND RAISER... SIMPLY AWESOME!!!

IT'S A NEW SUPER "PUBLIC SAFETY-LOCK" FOR ALL THE DOORS OF YOUR HOME... ITS GREAT! THE LOCK HAS SEVERAL LIFE SAVING FEATURES.

SO BEFORE YOU LEAVE YOUR HOME YOU NEED TO DO THE FOLLOWING;

1) take Eyeball Scan
2) take a urine test 
3) take a blood test
4) take a math quiz
5) take a physiological quiz

if you fail any one of these scans or tests quizzes, you stay home...and you're safe and so is everyone else.

The Blood test and Urine test if showing illegal Drugs in your system WILL BE FILED WITH LOCAL POLICE AND YOU WILL BE PROSECUTED.

Note: As Of Today Poppy-Seed Bagels Are Illegal In The United States, And The USA Government Is Now Pressuring All Nations To Follow Suit Or Be Destroyed.

You Are With Us Or You Are Against Us... COPY WRITE CMS 2016

The death of journalistic integrity... rest in peace...

The N.Y. times is a socialist rag.

Peas in a pod, the two of them.

and she lies every time she opens her mouth.  forgot that NYT?

Podesta emails say Hey

When he's talking he's lying. HRC 2016

And she deceives through omission or by obscuring

Making America Great again is not that difficult. It starts by simply reversing what was put in place to destroy it.
CFR, FED RESERVE, IMF, TRILATERAL COMMISSION, NAFTA, MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX, BUSH's CLINTON's, OBAMA, SOROS...

No one beats the lying N.Y. Times

The New York Times is full of lies.

******triggered******

Hillary a passive aggressive racist

In a word - he's deplorable.

Fact checking is wonderful!

Trump needs a mental health intervention.

...and HRC is the fount of truth.....bahahahahaaa!

Not too biased there are you New York times

The New York Times LIES about Trump.

NYTimes continues to lose credibility as a "newspaper"

New York Times has always leaned left.

Nyt...can u be abit more bias and one sided please...

In Honest Hillary we trust? Ha!

New York times= bias garbage reporting

The New York Times is a joke.

Basically he's a freaking liar !

Ha ha !!

oh , what did Hillary say about her cuckold of hubby ? ha ha ha ha

F this page!

Bill Clinton for 100 Alex.

Powerful

LoL I can't anymore. You - the media - are puppets.  Everyone sees how the media is "trying" to get dirty Hillary the votes.  Guess what... Americans are no longer easily swayed.  We see the truth for ourselves and don't fall for your persuasion tactics.  We don't listen to it's a lie lie lie.  We see for ourselves...  None of it was lies. Your dearest is one sick non human and I'd rather vote for Trump than ever putting our lives into the hands of a sick lying killer

The U.S. is in the midst of a civil crisis. Hillary supporters should understand that bringing refugees into the U.S. is not going to help the already very grave issue that is going on internally within the U.S.  If you don't know the effects of bringing Syrian refugees into the U.S. then read a newspaper because Europe is being intruded with bombs, rapes and violence. Continuing a war that isn't ours isn't going to help either. Why would the U.S get involved with the Syrian war? I am not pro Trump, I am against Hillary. She's secretary of state and hasn't helped much with the current issues facing our country- she is pro-war, pro-syrian refugees. And these Biased moderators aren't helping the already very divided country.

LieLieLieLieLieLieSNIFFLieLieLieLieLieSNIFFLieLieLieLie...

"Deplorable."

Nytimes lies everytime they post. Complete lowlife of so called journalism.  The only reason i still have them on my facebook, is to enjoy watching them self destruct..

Hillary support jhadist in Syria and Libia. U.s Allies, the wahabi of Saudy Kingdoom,  can to strike every day Yemen, but if Syrian army, or Russian, fight Alqaeda in Alep, Hillary,  and Mainstream media, claims about genocide, Human rights, and democracy. We european, don't forgett Libia, Bengasi, and Afganistan.

After last nights performance the only thing we have learned is the Dems are in panic mode.   She couldn't seal the deal against Trump with all that has happened. It shows how much people hate and despise her.   The DNC screwed up backing her and even if she wins I doubt they back her for a second term, at least if they have any sense they wont because their voters will hang them out to dry.

One wishes that Mary McCarthy were alive today to critic his style of lying.  Compared to Trump, she would have called Lillian Hellman the great truth teller of our era.

You could also talk all about Bill Clinton's lies and attacks on interns and other females.  But you choose to ignore the fact that he's done a lot of the same things that Trump has done.  Guess it's ok since the  NYT wants $Hillary in the White House.#neverhillary #nevertrump

We are a nation with unprecedented access to information and I am shocked that people don't fact check. He gets away with incredible lies and as an example there are hundreds of thousands who believe what he said about ICE supporting him. He is a master at just saying things and people believe it. When did we become so lazy and gullible? I have lived in countries where we witnessed this and I see such a parallel with his approach to deniability, falsehoods and enraging the people - Slobodan Milosevic was a master at this. This cannot be happening in this country, we know better. We have the RESPONSIBILITY to fact check BOTH candidates and make an educated and intelligent decision. Unfortunately,  Mr. Trump seems to think "this country is stupid" let's prove him wrong

We are talking about ten years old  close door conversation story and nobody  wants to  talk about   Bill Clinton's rape victims.   Famous director Roman Polansky is still under investigation and Americans want him for his sexual abuse crime back in the 70's  but for Bill Clinton  it's like normal behavior rape woman and  be America's first gentleman.  This is a good  example   how American justice for all system works.

Cross Putin and you're either thrown in prison for many years or just offed in a quite street somewhere and nobody knows anything about it.  That is quite something to hold up as a standard of freedom and excellence unless you're in debt up to the eyeballs to the Russian Oligarchs like Trump is, then Putin is to be admired as a strong and effective leader.  Yeah right.

So what you're really saying is "He Won!"!

He's done. Even he knows it. If the GOP exists at the national level in 25 years, it will be because they learned from this drivel-strewn and hate-filled debacle.  If they don't, they are destined to become simply a regional party of obstructionism.

Pants on fire, and I mean in more ways then one!

#Trump2016

Desperation desperation.  Trump is on a downward spiral.  He just proves over and over again that with his political stunts and whatever he wants to throw at Hillary he is not fit or has the temperament to be commander  in chief of the highest office in the USA.  Hillary is by far the superior candidate to handle the job.

So sad this is what the republicans came up with.

Lying is all he has!

He has no idea about the truth. That's the point.

He lies every time he opens his mouth!!!

Hitlary lies more than anyone in modern times......NYT is bias

It's easy ... if you want to believe the trash talk about Hillary and you want to make something out of nothing to slander her, you will regardless of what is true or not true.  A great tactic to ignore the horrific shortcomings of Trump and not acknowledge all his BS

Hey NYT...why don't YOU pay your taxes?

He lied and now he is not a political cadaver .

Seems to have a loose relationship with the truth.

Perhaps people in the media have not come to grips with the fact that nobody actually cares what journalists think or who they endorse in this day and age.  Social media has made you people defunct. So get used to it !

Is he saying Clinton did it so why can't he

He's just a lying, despicable ignoramus!

So he's a big fat LIAR!

Why is this in the opinion section if it's objective fact?

OPPINION!!! LOL...NOT FACT

Compulsive pathetic liar.

And the part where she lied? Hmmmm way to report one side 😂😂😂

lying is all he knows

apparently his supporters don't care!

Thank you.

BOTH of them are liars.

Worse than the Palin episode

I can't even believe he is eligible to be a candidate

If Hillary said it, it must be a lie.  If Hillary says something Trump said was a lie, it must be true.  If every newspaper in the country has disavowed Trump, they must all be shills for Clinton.  If Politifact confirms he is an unabashed liar, they must be biased.  If Politifact wins a Pullitzer, then Pullitzer must be a bunch of Socialists...  There is literally no way to win.  The more proof there is, the more evidence the Trump supporters see that the whole world is biased, just like Trump says it is...

He's come undone.

And yet the public still loves him.

The NYT is going the way of the National Enquirer.

Dump Trump

Trump for president 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

The Dems are running scared this morning!!

Trump 2016!!! So bias!

The fact that there are still people in this country who support Trump says more about those people than it does about Trump.  We know what Trump is. . .a lying second rate con man with pathological issues and no clue how to run a country, any country.  The fact that large numbers of Americans still support him explains a lot about what's wrong with this country.

Trump's soul is a dark and ugly place... down with Trump👎

Amen...

And she lies every time she opens her mouth 
#letgarydebate

تحريف لكﻻم ترامب يدل على ان استقﻻلية الصحافة كذبة !!

NYT; having none of it.

By lying so much, he may be the only true politician.

The misprints are bad...you missed the "S" in the article

Fact check the debates.

He lied about the number of Generals that are endorsing him.

Dump the Trash Trump

My goodness at your bias NYT lol.  Sad.

He won the debate, hands down.

Really NYT?  So has Hillary. Fair and balance guys!!!

The NYT is supporting a felon for the presidency.  The NYT is supporting a woman who defended a man who raped a 12 year old girl - and then laughed about it.  The NYT is defending a woman who operated the Department of State like it was a lemonade stand; you give me money, I give you the decisions you want.  The NYT is defending a woman who was paid to give speeches behind nondisclosure agreements, and then advocated open borders and lying.  The NYT is defending a woman who is the living embodiment of Washington corruption.  This is why the MSM and newspapers are dying.

Emphasis on OPINION article. Enough said.

Consider the source.

Put the witch in a cell...

#LiberalMediaPropaganda

His debate prep appeared to be reading poorly written right wing blogs.
Can't believe the garbage innuendo he brought up in a presidential debate.
The icing on the cake was bringing up the nonsense of her laughing during a rape case, and somehow implying there was something wrong in her service as a defense attorney.
What model of justice does Trump propose,  the USSR's?
People in our country have a right to legal representation, regardless of their crime.
Someone has to do this, every day, in our country
Someone will be doing it for Trump, when his own  child rape case goes to trial. 
http://www.independent.co.uk/.../donald-trump-accused...

I guarantee multiple lawyers are being  highly paid to defend him against the  accusations of sexual predation of a child. And they are already smearing the accuser.

Like half the other "issues" Trump raised, this is poorly researched or deliberately misrepresented, which is probably worse. 
It shows his debate prep was reading right wing propaganda blogs so he could appeal to his poorly informed right wing base.
It's already been debunked, but willfully ignorant people  will enjoy repeating it without ever looking into what actually took place.

finally ...

Liar, liar, pants of FIRE--gonna be a BONFIRE!

BIG IDIOT !!!!!! PFFFFFFF...

Sadly his supporters don't care

Nice try. hillary!s talking points?

She lies relentlessly as well.

And that is what we call PATHOLOGICAL LIAR 🙄

....pants on fire...

You have a great name!

So he's a big fat Liar! That's that! Same old!😔🇺🇸

Fact checking sites agree

Put "she" in for "he" and it is just as true! 😂

They are facts, and facts are for liberals...

Omg that's what she lies about!! Come on people wise up!!

The truth will be revealed. So relieved.

And how honest was HRC?

And 'they' still support him!!

This would be funny if it wasn't so pathetic.  How do people follow someone who is completely incapable of telling the truth?  This world scares the hell out of me.

And Hillary is an angel....lol.

Quite a hit piece.

And she lied about e-mails no good runner this time

TRUMP was a pig before the debate.and still is a pig!!!

NYT is the Breitbart of the left.

He's just like watching Faux!

Idiot

But he won!

Yes, and Clinton lied about everything!

Pants on fire again

Sniff, Babble, Pace, Repeat.
Trump acted Manic!

And SHE has not lied about anything?  Give me a freaking break.

He will never be President.

He won, get over it....

So he's good at something!

Lied about the "grande"

Funny how you kept making typos. He should be she.

Picky picky

Americas answer to Baghdad Bob!

Lets be really truthful here, either way this Country losing, if Trump is so bad, and can't disagree wouldn't be my first choice... but still how I mean how in the world does anyone support Hillary, you want to talk about lying, she's the poster woman for it.  Yep we're in big trouble whoever is Pres this time around

It will be easier to list what he didn't lie.

But: Let's make America great again (Racist/White/Male)

The mainstream media is distracting us from the real issues and different perspectives to think about that matter to our families and children. 

Think. Jill Stein, Donald Trump & Gary Johnson are currently not feeding into the pro war narrative in Syria - and are not feeding into the narrative of brainwashing the American people into believing a war with Russia in Syria is justified.  Climate change action is important - but so are the lives of millions of families and children who live under the threat of a massive war with Russia - and that includes us.  

"There is also the issue of why writers who helped mislead the American people and the world into the catastrophe of the Iraq War were never held accountable and are now in position to whip up more war fever over Syria, Ukraine and Russia. Far from being held accountable, the propagandists who justified the criminal invasion of Iraq have been rewarded with plum assignments and golden careers." 

https://consortiumnews.com/2016/10/05/new-group-think-for-war-with-

Once a stump always a stump....

Lol trumpeta

That 90 min session wasn't a debate.   Instead it was a display of unprofessional, pathetic behavior.   If 2 professionals conducted themselves the same way in a corporate setting, they'd be fired.  Both candidates focused on blasting the other, rather then address issues that matter in / to the U.S.   This is a tragedy.  What the heck has to occur for our country to get its act together?

So Trump is your new Bill Clinton?

Wow, what ever happened to not taking sides.

Bill Clinton Rapes woman...... Victim in Chief is coming GO ORANGE FACE

He was in a word, revolting!

Is time to quit.

Lier, lier, pants on fire!

He's a disgrace to humanity. I'm embarrassed FOR him. 😀

Trump won, NYT lost.

The truth is irrelevant to some

He's pathetic,😫

you fools!!! AND HILLARY TELLS THE TRUTH?! ROFLMAO!!!!!!!!!

But his supporters don't care.

Compared to honest and truthful Hillary! LOL

Why aren't  Hilary's lies here

Anything Killarys has done NY.Post has covered it up.

And you people lie about the polls

He lied! He lost!

State will remain Islamic Trabkm in your streets Tzbgm Coming ....

And his supporters don't seem to care...

Trumps stalking and lurking was weird.

When in doubt...LIE!

NY SLIMES

You are talking about the clinton crime family right?

She's the lier

not really... seems like libel laws need to be reopened

He won fair and square!!! TRUMP 2016!!!

He is a complete jerk!

Baloney.  The NYT's sucks!!

Most dummies cant figure that out

It's not relentlessly it's psychopathic

Remember president clinton please

Vote for hillary

All of you liars

Lies and facts don't matter for Les Deplorables

We cannot elect a deranged person like Trump.

Over and over and over

He doesn't answer a single question.

Coming from the n
Y. Times

As usual very biased paper

The sniffles he must have a cold his health is not good he is 70 years old

They both lied DUH

Indeed

They both lie like a rug.

They both do.

Keyword opinion section.

HELLOOOOOOO!!!!! Pay attention!!!!! They both have been lying!

He is unfit for office and anyone who supports him is unfit to vote.

Probably better off reading the national Inquirer

He should be in jail... He will be.

Russian hacking? Any evidences meanwhile?

New York.Times can kiss it



And NYT is LYING about ALL these Allegations!

Are you talking about Bill Clinton

Just drama

Every time she opens her mouth she lies!

LYING TRUMP.

https://youtu.be/aSHCO5Qgkqc

Go Trump

Amazing

NYT = DIP SHITS

I'm a Canadian and I  watched the debate, In my opinion Trump won this! The look on Hillary and Bill Clinton's faces when trump fired back at Hillary about Bill not being fit to be President either!  Getting a BJ from Monica in the white house  👀🤗🙄

trump is finished

So glad Hillary is truthful. Haha

it is such a disgrace

Trump is a very sick man.

What else is new

Damm
And I thought they were talking about BIll

Hey. We get it. Any Clinton articles?

NYT... you suck!!!! U r obviously in panic mode...

Times magazine is the one full of the lies.

https://youtu.be/yu9OH_KfPXA

He is friends with The Shill, of course he lies! 😂😂😂

Se prendio los lambones

There should be some immediate feedback for politicians that continuously lie.  Maybe like a bark collar some people use for their dogs.  There has to be some incentive to only speak the truth.

We all watched the debate, you're lying.

That s terrible .

Lie, lie, lie...bipolar?

Vote for trump American people to make America better again go for change

It is awful that we have nowhere to go...

Lying implies knowledge of the truth.  Trump's reality is what he invents on the fly.  If he says it often enough with enough conviction it becomes the truth.  In his mind. In his alternate reality.

LOL, Clintom

Vote for Mickey Mouse ;)

Someone tell the idiots at the TIMES what a LIE is.

Are Clinton staffers writing these stories?

"They both just lie" like cheap rugs.

It is an ignorant clown

Media bias strikes again.

Yes Bill is a liar as is Hillary, its why we need Trump.

He's a pig.

So a real brief is that he lies about everything!

Why don't you talk about Hillary s lies too?

Trump is evil but Clinton is more evil

hahaa yeah! and u r a champ 😅 go 2 school amigo

Hillary for Prison!

NYT journalism is a joke.

TRUMP destroys Crooked hillary !

The difference between Hillary and Trump is that she has been thoroughly investigated and Republican claims cannot be proved.  Trump lies and it is proven that he lied.  And yet, his followers believe his lies.

Welcome the club..

The Cuck York Times in full panic mode 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭

Lol what a rag.

Ohh come on

Slanted Much??

!

This pretty much sums it up.

So I guess he is perfect for Washington! 😀 Just like hitlary...

HRC: Wolf with skin of lamb.

He sure didn't lie about what a liar Hillary is.

ask kathy shelton about killary

Trump for POTUS November 2016!

O killery didn't lie

What about Her?

his liar thief pathetic  trumph

Solo Solomon -  Facts are important.

Liar!!!

Like HILLARY DOESN'T LIE DOWN TO HER TOES?

Ha ha! U guys are a left wing joke!!!!

And the nonsense wants to be the president

Politics off limits but luv u lots

Lmao Sam

#clintondesperate

#BurningPants #LiarLiar Donald J. Trump

Dixon César you're all just living a lie LOOOOL

Next President Of The United States Of America Donald J. Trump

And Hillary never lies. Lol

😉😔

😳🙉🙉

Listening to him talk is hard enough, and then read what his supporters wrote makes me wonder if he paid them?  That how the politicians work in Taiwan.  Bribe the supporters and then they all sound alike.

PIG

Yes!

Read a nice article a few days ago and liked your page. Now went to undo my like as you have effectively flooded my stream with these debate posts. Spam account. Do  you have like 20 journalist writing these and putting them online or has you editor lost her/his mind?

Pig

Bcc

Trump all the way

Asqueroso!!!!!!!!!

Trump confesses on camera  that he has violated  women.  He describes  these women  as objects that he is entitled to because of  his so called stardom.  He minimizes the  obvious  pain , humiliation and hurt Mrs. Clinton  went through when the Sexual harassment  saga revealed  itself about her husband.  Trump has said that  if you as a woman does not  fit the model criteria  of beautiful,  you are ugly.
He continues  to market  himself  as a great business  man but losses approx. 1B dollars in one year. He has not proven  that  he can do better than Obama  or Bush. He cannot stay on message and cannot  delete or fire his past . 
Can someone  explain to  Trump that the position of  President  does not empower the individual holding  that position  to what ever her or she pleases?  He must work colabratively with other branches of  Government.  Can you imagine  Trump reaching across the  Isle to pass a bill?
He needs to be reminded that  he won't have  the power he anticipates.  What a shocker Donald.  You actually  have to do actual  work in the White house. ..

Kay Hollan Ritter I know you love a liar...

Wow

Still not even close to as many lies as your gal Hildebeast.  She is the most crooked candidate ever.  Even Nixon only deleted 18 minutes. Keep trying

Well of course he did.  After all, he saw how well it has been working for Hillary.  These two are a joke.  Not even a funny one.

Yup

DO NOT be fooled, HILARY IS VERY well advised, is meticulous IN THE ART OF DECEPTION AND VERY AVIDA TO TREAT to hoodwink the people, discredits MORE THAN PROPOSES, AND BEHIND SHE IS THE HANDLER BILL, TRUMP IS SINCERE IN YOUR WAY TO BE, BUT THE 2 CANDIDATES ARE VERY POOR IN ETHICS AND PROPOSALS, A RECORD TO TRUMP ,,, HILARY IS MORE OF THE SAME

Why can't we have a paper that isnt so one sided??

His mendacity is disgustingly brazen.

and you lied about he won the debate

I Repubblicani se ne sono scappati.

Rap well!

Words right out of Hillary mouth:

A. Voters of Kentucky and West Virginia are religious bigots

B. Southern Baptist voters in those states are bigots and racists

GO Republican MIGHT ! And God speed , USA !

http://www.bizpacreview.com/2016/10/09/frank-luntz-stunned-dramatic-debate-focus-results-thought-done-back-race-399031?utm_source=BizPac+Review+Email+Newsletter&utm_campaign=ccb5bdae2a-ANY_OPENS_10_10_1610_10_2016&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_fbf9323fb3-ccb5bdae2a-32302729

He's an embarrassment not only to America but to humanity.

No, Trump did not lie.  The New York Times should be fair and balanced.

As a non-New Yorker, I am proud to read the NYTimes and I welcome the fair and accurate reporting of its writers and the opinions of it editors.  Saying Trump lied repeatedly is a simple fact.  Any other response in these comments seeks to divert focus from that fact.

Whitney Darlene Montgomery

boy new york times should fact check things  but oh hillary paid them too

I did not have sexual relationships with this  woman  !!!!!
FAMOUS LINE FROM A FAMOUS PRISENDENT  lol
Print this new York times

NYT is UnAmerican, Islamic Paper.

Lies by The NY Times.  Slander at its finest.

Shame on you, America!

Elena Groen this fool

What about Hillary's lies ? You don't speak about that  The New York Times ?

When evidential proof is t quite what you need it to be, call Donald Trump.  He will make it up and stick by his story to the end!

Trash paper. Full of lies who cares.   Liberalism at its worst!

Wow that's a hell of an article.  I approve this message.

And Hillary Clinton doesn't lie? Meh

Absolutely maddening that he's not called out, in real time, on his lies .  But facts matter not one iota to his base.

http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/31/us/politics/clinton-in-book-says-she-takes-responsibility-for-benghazi-attack.html?_r=0                       http://www.politico.com/story/2015/05/hillary-clinton-iraq-war-vote-mistake-iowa-118109                                                                                  http://www.breitbart.com/live/second-presidential-debate-fact-check-livewire/fact-check-no-senator-clinton-not-vote-significant-tax-reform/                                                                                                              http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/21/us/politics/90s-scandals-threaten-to-erode-hillary-clintons-strength-with-women.html

Nick Milley hmmmm

Yet he is more credible than NYT to a lot of people.  Ya'll are so obvious.  LOL

Carlo Aunt Teresa

Hillary Clinton's press secretary Brian Fallon  refuses 5 times  to answer question after last night's debate.
 Univision’s Eduardo Suárez: Do you think that victims of sexual abuse deserve to be believed, as Hillary Clinton said once?
Fallon: I’m sorry?
Suárez: Do you think that victims of sexual abuse deserve to be believed, as Hillary Clinton said once?
Fallon: Look, uh, I think, uh, what happened tonight, uh, before the debate was a stunt.
Suárez: Do you think they deserve to be believed or not?
Fallon: I think that in many ways, Donald Trump lost the debate even before it started based on his own sideshow backfiring on him–
Suárez: Do you think they deserve to be believed or not?
Fallon: –as many critics have said that it would.
Suárez: Do you think they deserve to be believed or not?
Fallon: I refer you back to her previous comments.

This reminds me of what happened in Britain before the Brexit vote.

- The media scaring voters and being totally biased.
- Brexit supporters (like Trump supporters) being called crazy racists.
- Hillary (like the Remain campaign) trying not to talk about immigration.

Listen FOLKS 

- Immigrants are pouring through the southern border and taking our jobs.

- Immigrants are pouring through the southern border and breaking our laws, killing our children, raping our women.

- ISIS is planning attacks around the world and trying to kill all Christians.

- Our healthcare has been taken away and replaced by $600/month silver plan garbage. Nobody can afford that!  My car insurance is still $25 per month (from Insurance Panda), but who knows when our increasingly socialist government will come in and muddle that up? 

- Hillary is campaigning like she is ABOVE THE LAW.  It’s time for her saggy old dog face to be thrown in a cage where she belongs!

The elites are trying to take TRUMP down. These devils hate American exceptionlism and American patriotism.  Let’s shove their filth back down their fat, caviar-filled mouths!

Make America Great Again !

Caro Caro

Thomas Lang

Trump is going to be a great president.  Support democracy!

Elizabeth Greenberg

And according to him, she lied about everything.  I don't want a dictatorship

Hey if Trump will lock the Traitors Clinton up, he's our truth seeker , he's The One. Hypocrisy  is Killing Us...the server unsecured during war is just HATE from Hilllary. How can u not vet the spouse, too? Bill is not the Spouse u want in White House Built by Slaves...He's hateful too. An inpeached  Pres is not fit.  A disbarred lawyer can't be trusted you know. And finally , Bill is just crazy too.

he lied (lies) about Hillary wants to do away with the  Second Amendment

And she doesn't lie?  She a public official and she lies!  So who's worst?

HE IS A BIG  FAT LIAR, but his supporters thinks he is saint Trump the pervert.

These haven't been debates so much as personal attacks of character.  Both sides.  Disgraceful.

Lying? You're talking about Hillary right? She doesn't  know how to tell the truth !

Trump is a liar. And Hillary is a bigger liar.  Two sides of the same coin.

Since the media is in overdrive today.  That means that they are worried. Because she is weak.

THE TRUTH HURTS ! PRISON FOR HILLERY ! 2016 THE DONALD FOR COMMANDER  & CHEIF !!

Yes.  And then he seems to project his flaws onto others, i.e. Lying Hillary.

How can anyone think Trump is fit to be president.  Fact checking confirms he lies more than any other candidate they have ever checked.

Why is anyone commenting on President Bill Clinton?  He is not running!  Hillary is and she is the BEST candidate!  Don't be a fool and vote for the idiot T, he is a very evil idiot!

We are not electing a saint. We are electing someone with the guts to take back this country. Over the last 30 years it has been overrun by globalist working with the world Bankers to destroy sovereign nations and borders. Hundreds of thousands have died. We are now on the Brink of World War 3 because of a propaganda war against Russia and Assad. Ukraine did not want to sign onto the European trade agreements, the result was a coup in which the globalist Obama led. There is only one chance to take back this country. You have been lied to on a massive scale. Man's worse enemy is his ego that will always be used against him. The media run by only 6 major groups is fully involved. They have lost all credibility removing the facade in their attempt to take down Trump who will expose the lies of regime changes around the world and the collusion with the Clinton Foundation regime change machine that is a giant octopus with tentacles through out the government Banking Industry, foreign hostile governments and media...yes conspiracy is real wake up! If you do not you will wake up without a Constitution. 

The media and Hillary dropped the Billy Bush video on Trump which they had prepared, in order to take the focus off the Wikileaks email release on Goldman Sachs speeches speeches that prove Hillary will pass TPP and so so much more.

I am not voting for Trump because he says stupid stuff or I have a false since of his life,  I am voting for Trump to save our Constitution.

"  Hillary Clinton Said Her Dream Is A Hemispheric Common Market, With Open Trade And Open Markets. *“My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” [05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau.doc, p. 28] *Hillary Clinton Said We Have To Have A Concerted Plan To Increase Trade; We Have To Resist Protectionism And Other Kinds Of Barriers To Trade. *“Secondly, I think we have to have a concerted plan to increase trade already under the current circumstances, you know, that Inter-American Development Bank figure is pretty surprising. There is so much more we can do, there is a lot of low hanging fruit but businesses on both sides have to make it a priority and it's not for governments to do but governments can either make it easy or make it hard and we have to resist, protectionism, other kinds of barriers to market access and to trade and I would like to see this get much more attention and be not just a policy for a year under president X or president Y but a consistent one.” [05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau.doc, p. 32]"

FOLLOW THE MONEY: THE TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP PAYOFF
“Hillary Clinton Only Believes In Protecting One Thing: Her Donors. Of The 262 Companies That Lobbied For The Passage Of TPP, 82 Or Nearly 1 In 3 Donated Between $21 And $67 Million To The Clinton Foundation. Nine Companies That Lobbied For The Passage Of TPP Paid Hillary Clinton $2.7 Million For Paid Speeches. Of The 12 Signatory Countries That Are Parties To TPP, 3 Gave Between $6 And $15 Million To The Clinton Foundation. At Least 4 Lobbyists Who Are Actively Lobbying For TPP Passage Have Raised More Than $800,000 For Her

No.  You got it wrong.  Hillary lied about everything.     Her 33,000 emails on down.

trump is only human and we all know none  of us are perfect.

And some people believe him!  God Bless America!!!!!

Think the forgot the S not he  SHE

Breaking now:

http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=42041

REMEMBER , THESE ARE THE SAME PEOPLE THAT ARE HORRIFIED AND APPALLED OVER TRUMPS WORDS AND ACTIONS  GLASS HOUSES!!     https://youtu.be/JUkT4Z-_xCA

http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/federal-judge-orders-hearing-in-donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-case/

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154587953326171&id=686031170&ref=bookmarks

She lied. She lied. She lied. She lied. She lied. She lied. She lied. She lied. She lied. She lied. She lied. She lied.

Marina Rinehart

Adam Lisitano

Kiera Magnetti

http://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Ffxn.ws%2F2ehijk3&h=kAQEz2M_N&enc=AZOAYF_iL9NUOph1b5LLQ7KByaD3nSSPe38QFGgCHkXSs6r8tUBbGf4R7n1Wp0I6NrdyO4anG_lsSGyv__Gd2DvvQQzWHGzQ3GNfHF_1AU6BM2V-31V87ZirnhO7NlKHcHxMvb39ggxfohMlgRkGDtfw1umFBynV8JNGCV2-BTa_ci5iU4NZqjeMAgoIOX9uopSMXoSyYWj57e8SZF_nxvIEwNZqz1BXa98EPgYO376siXvJgfjnu4ELAcMlbexEZUM&s=1

Rosanna Prager Wajman 
Luciano Wajman

Kathy Hogan

Marnie Christine

Gigi Janelidze

https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=-dY77j6uBHI
And for 13 minutes straight she did just that

Jonathan

Arnav Mody

Raphael Guariento Da Costa

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=a-xjiXfJ58Q

Aaron Berke

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHh73fkDUIs

Tony Jaworowski

https://www.facebook.com/LifeZette/videos/356164274715005/

http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/08/04/opinion/trump-reflects-white-male-fragility.html?_r=0&referer=http%3A%2F%2Fm.facebook.com

Nick Harvey

Andrea Horcasitas

https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=n8af771sl90

https://www.facebook.com/fjestv/videos/1685762621741011/

Elba Hidalgo Schick

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=316994791991287&id=100010423067604

Coming from newspaper that made murderous #FidelCastro's career: http://bit.ly/2dmCVTP  Nobody believes you. #MAGA

http://www.proudcons.com/hillary-told-americans-to-fact-check-her-at-debate-so-we-did-heres-5-major-lies/?utm_source=facebook&utm_campaign=facebook_ATB&utm_medium=ATB