yeah. nothing like pulling the dictator card and threatening to jail your opponent once you're in power. if that's commanding, i believe i will choose the lesser of the two evils, and i had planned on obstaining, in all truthfulness. sadly, he frightens me too much not to participate.

What's with these recent blatantly forced attempts at taking trump seriously, NYT?

Commanding the stage???? He was acting like a bully getting in her space and trying to distract her and intimidate her. But Hillary is not like the other women he is around. She does not cower down to him or let him dominate her. She has been battle tested by alot better men than donald j trump. She was respectful to the people there to ask the questions. He didn't seem to concerned about them, answer their questions or even acknowledge them.

Command the stage? You mean bully Clinton by being a 'close talker' and - a new one - a 'close stalker' ? Ewww. That wasn't commanding the stage at all that was plain creepy and disrespectful, but nothing new there in the face of women when it comes to Trump.

Funny how the man with thousands of lawsuits is the one threatening to jail his opponent.

From Norway to the USA:

Following the presidential campaign one cannot help but feel sorry for the Americans. This must be an all-time low in politics.
Clinton is the only one willing to address the issues, but she lacks credibility and vision. Trump has five or six catchphrases that he is endlessly repeating.
And the rest is just slander.

America, is this really the best you have to offer?! Of all the exciting, creative people living in what is purportedly the greatest nation on earth, this is what you come up with?
That is just very, very sad.

He's definitely more assertive, I'm sure we can all agree on that. Not sure why he was getting mad at the moderators when they kept pressing him to definitively answer the question though. 

Oh right, because he lives off rhetoric.

Command a stage? Lol! Is that it's called when you stalk your opponent and hover over them? When you continually interrupt the moderators & your opponent with peanut gallery comments? The bar for Trump is, and always has been, so low that if he didn't go in for a p*ssy grab on live television then he somehow achieved something. Gimme a break!

What I see is a man hoping to intimidate with his behavior, he is mentally and verbally abusive. And if his daughters, wives and other females weren't living in fear they would speak the truth! Let the truth be told now!!

He was wheezing the whole time, is his health and fitness not an issue????

Is this satire? Oh, yes it is! Well here's my take on how it looked: How can anyone deny how creepy Trump is? At the beginning and end of the last debate many political commentators were saying how watching the debate with the sound off would show who really won the debate and teach us a great deal about the candidates. Well, I did that for this second debate, and it looked like a low budget horror film. I think that tells us a lot about the bizarre character of Donald J. Trump and his true nature. It also shows how unflappable Hillary is. So we have a choice: creepy sociopath or qualified leader. Hmmm. I'll pick Hillary as the qualified leader.

He "commanded" the stage the way a toddler does while throwing a temper tantrum in the middle of a grocery store aisle. His behavior is unprofessional, immature and desperate. It is truly a shame that Hillary has to share the stage with this ignorant individual.

It demonstrated how fast Donald J. Trump can go from pathetic to repulsive. If you think that behavior is someone commanding a stage, then you have some pathetically low standards!

What a waste! An intellectual woman with the ability to discuss important political problems forced to discuss trivialities and private matters with a philistine idiot that insists on putting in the agenda and bringing the attention of a powerful country to the low level of literacy, education and politeness that characterizes his wicked persona. If it's all part of a game to enable a woman to reach the top of the political arena in the USA, there was no need for the whole world to watch this low-quality reality show!

I noted at the end of the debate HC went to the audience and thanked them, shows manners and respect. DT went to his family and totally stone walled the audience interesting.

Definitely reality show level debate. And him stalking around on the stage is not "commanding it." He was not more confident, he was bullying her. He just looked like a small handed sniffling and snorting parody of himself. Bombast is not commanding.  Threatening to jail your political opponents is not discussing policy. And why don't they tell HIM to "smile more"????

No you didn't 'really see' that. You saw a slug crawling over salt, turning orange, exploding into mucus. Trump didn't win anything. This debate isn't just about 'seeing' - it's about listening to what's being said. Did you hear Trump answer any questions? Did you hear this slug come up with a measured, intelligent approach when he was asked what exactly, he will do? Compile that in a clip and show us.

Donald Trump was stocking Hillary Clinton all over the stage! I couldn't believe it. I think you wanted to reach out and break her neck. At least he said he wanted to put her in jail. The sky does not like women.

People rather see a candidate who is able to think rationally and be a commander in chief and not someone who can command the stage like we are in some type of miss universe pageant.

NYT, you should be held accountable for enabling this sociopathic, prejudice, misogynistic, fascist, narcissistic monster. You are dismissing his frightening, predatory and invasive behavior. Shame on you for not condemning this man.

the risk is that it will be "seen as patently aggressive"? let's dispense with all this meaningless discussion of "optics". It IS patently aggressive. He IS aggressive and abusive. Can we decisively cut through the BS and discuss what this behavior really is?

Yes if we are here for the show ... if the whole world is just a show ... 

Btw, he is tired and sniffed too much if this is nothing but just a show.

Jail your political opponents. Publically prosecuting 5 men deemed innocent and calling them guilty after they were proven innocent. Calling for the killing of families of those who commit terrorists attacks. This isnt an american. This is Papa Doc Duvalier coming back to life. If you agree with him. Move. Out. Of. The. Country.

Let's just vote already. Sick of that freak taking over my airways with his bully tactics and demeaning mannerisms. He's a sick sob. Can't wait for him to be put in his place! Dictator to some maybe, but not to me, and not to the people that will vote come November.

If by command the stage you mean lurking and pacing behind her and constantly interrupting, lying, and whining and arguing with the moderators, the perhaps he did command the stage, but that just makes him an even worse choice for Commander in Chief !

Trump is a threatening stalking misogynistic bully and banana republic dictator. He's brought our country to a new low. That his supporters think our election should be wrestlemania or a Jerry Springer show doesn't mean Trump won; it means our country lost.

Bark, bluster and bully. That's not taking command. That's personification of the patriarchal system. Standing tall arms crossed unapologetic isn't taking command, it's the personification of white privilege and power. America is the business he is hustling, it is the date he is cornering and groping. Wake up!

Whoever this is making this statement about trump, Are you a Christian? Do you believe in the bible and what God says? Because Mrs. Clinton doesn't! Get your life right with God! And I hope she does also or I country is doomed! Wake up America!

The forgotten word: Ethics. Aristotle is turning in his grave. Not one person, not even the journalists remembered this word in connection with the latest low point in American politics. Donald Trump is breaking all the low records on his way to the White House. What will the White House be called if and when he gets there?

I feel like to cry for her.she looks so confuse and depress by TRUMP missle.I was just saying God don't let her suffocate with TRUMP missle.
I can see it in her Eyes praying for the debate to End.

TRUMP the man of the moment

Hillary just stood around as Benghazi raged- and she let our people die. A do-nothing (but lie) president  is a disaster. We've had 8 years of that. Can't afford Hillary.

@kathie leonardow your so called beloved Hillary clinton didn't look presidential at all.
You hardly see her with any America Outfit each time she come on stage.

Check TRUMP outfit.

This is what we've devolved to.  I thought Sarah Palin was the bottom of the political barrel, but no.  I cannot imagine a worse candidate for president than that man.  It's appalling.

If we are really going to go there and award the debate on the basis of stage presence (but I mean, come on...) Trump was creepy, stalking Clinton around the stage, and whining about not getting equal time.  And he ignored questions and lied.  Calling everything Hillary Clinton does rehearsed is so played.  She looked composed and responded to the questions.

The media underestimates the intelligence of voters when it assumes the most important thing about a presidential debate is how candidates move, and it's a little insulting, frankly.

Love this quote from The Rolling Stone article:  The overall effect was not so much "commander-in-chief" as "drunk uncle shouting junk he heard on Rush Limbaugh."

Here's an opponent who's not shackled by the elite establishments testing the patience of another candidate whose life revolves around that of holding up all the lies and to keep it going.

I found him to be far too aggressive, trying to intimidate by hovering behind Clinton. That hulking person is exactly the sort of person who would have uttered those garbage words about women captured in the audio. I was pleased with Clinton's response. She ignored him as she remained very much in her own presence commanding the stage when necessary.

There was nothing commanding about it. Those tactics/antics would never work as president. Outdated, predictable power poses and aggressive posturing. And let's not forget the old last- word-in, mumbling, passive aggressive, interruptions. Hillary kept her mark, her composure, her position, on task and my vote. I hope her poise and plans won over some more of the undecided.

The New York Times, Command of the stage? He skulked about like  someone on coke speaking in word clouds. He couldn't sit down.  He couldn't answer a question, save for 'of course he didn't pay Federal tax...and that was Hillary's fault'. At one point, I wondered if he had walked off stage. At other points he followed her at a creepy stalking distance.

This debate reaffirmed that Trump is a practiced predator...His disrespectful and obviously purposefully circling of Ms. Clinton as she spoke was aimed at being threatening, but it didn't work. The moderators were remiss in not telling him to sit down until it was his turn to speak.

You mean how he lurked behind her like a stalker? He could have stayed in or near his chair when she was speaking but he seemed like he wanted to physically attack her. It was very unsettling to watch. Very creepy.

This is a copy of a comment I saw posted and I feel says it all about TRump: "Trump is a man with a vision for America, not a specific vision, a great vision...the best vision...Trump has a plan to make this country great again....What plan??....a great plan...a plan that will work because it's the best plan.....Why???... because Trump knows good people...which people???....the best people....people that are not stupid like other people....people who know how to get deals done...what deals???...great deals...the biggest deals... because I know words... What words???...I have the best words... I get my information from watching TV... I consult with myself because I have a great brain... A great brain???...the best brain...Trump will also build a big wall to keep Mexicans out and he will make Mexico pay for it!...How....??? its all part of the great plan!...ISIS will be gone very, very quickly...How???... I won't tell you.. It's a secret !!!... (This guy is a “one-man circle jerk” and he is only about entertaining the uneducated who love him and his great plan. He's all air - no substance. And he is their “Champion”.)"

Has anyone considered how difficult it would have been for HRC to debate in front of her husbands accusers? That sort of psychological intimidation was not worthy of presidential discourse. HRC was composed and courageous despite her opponents savage methods.She is a BRAVE women and has my respect.

I can say that this arrogant big mouth clown is not only a sexual predator.... I was expecting to see him, on stage,  jumping over that juicy Hillary prey at any moment but for sure not to kiss her or grab her by her p....sy. Hope this show man doesn't last for another 4 years and just disappearnot not only for the sake of USA but the entire planet

I am still very much undecided but isn't that part of the point? Do we want a President who has lived his career (has experience) on television or a President who has lived her career (has experience) in Congress and the White House? Still undecided....

i liked that analysis better than hearing an entire papers staff trashing their own famous local.real estate developer...its gross when they get so biased as if the Clinton campaign literally is paying them to run certain stories

when you are to share the stage with a kid what do you usually do? just step back and watch him throwing himself on the floor, banging his head, and stomping his feet... no way to try to have any conversation w him. this is what Hillary did. Just couldnt level w him..

He was using his intimidation tactics by pacing around the stage with that scowl. He kept his coat unbuttoned. He never jotted down a note. He never really answered a question before he laid into Hillary with his lies and half truths.

All I see is a petulant child in the middle of a temper tantrum who refuses to sit down. That's not commanding the stage. And in his responses, Trump barely looked at the people who asked questions. He stared at Clinton most of the time. How can anyone with zero political experience, who's never held elected office, think he has what it takes to hold the highest position in the land? Can my dog run for president? She's also new to the political scene but at least she knows how to sit and looks you in the eye when you speak to her.

He's certainly capable of being a schoolyard smartass. And maybe his low blow remarks have some weight. 

I really want to know if he can run a country???  The most powerful country?
What is he going to do? Spit in his hand before be speaks to the president of china?

That's not commanding a stage. It's his physical attempt to distract and subtly bully HC, and a pathetic attention-grab (again). Good on her for keeping calm and not responding. Would've only been OK in the "Town Hall" environment, but even so the moderators should've told him (not asked...told) to stop moving around like a big goober. Can you imagine this sort of nonsense on the world stage with Putin, Merkel, May et al. Honestly, when will the US media call this for what it clearly is ie. a national disgrace. FFS hurry up election day and install HC as POTUS.

I listened to the debate on radio (no TV). The body language fits perfectly with what I heard, but the added dimension drives it home. The man only knows how to menace, not to reason.

There's a difference between commanding the stage and acting in a dominating aggressive manner. His body language says it all. And he sure as hell would not have treated another man like that.

The way he was pacing is not a sign of commanding a stage. For me, it looked like he was uncomfortable and didn't want to be there. He looked like an annoying fly.

Were we watching the same debate? What I saw was a desperate man unhinged because he may not get his way. If he was a toddler he would have been sent to a time out. Terrible for our country.

He was awesome..so proud of him and proud to support him..She was getting more and more stressed as the bags under her eyes got more and more pronounced.I could definitely feel Bill squirm..Great debate.

His pacing while she's talking is the tell tell sign of what works for him, his yelling and choice of words...give him away! He is a man ready to explode!

I haven't figured out how Hillary had such a miracle recovery when she was "dying" only a couple of weeks ago. Perhaps she should just become an actress......maybe Bette Davis.

Mistet Trump is a master of all the spoil. When Mr. Trump is silent he is intelligent. When he speaks a humorous TV show begins.

Stalking is the word you need to use- he didn't command the stage at any stage- this person is totally unfit to be president.- he was unable to properly address the questions presented to him .

Trump is an embarrassment to this Country and you promote the Stupidity NYT. pathetic journalism

He owned the stage???? Are you serious??? The pacing was of a nervous man, his answers were of a nervous little boy, he was unresponsive and when he spoke his voice trembled. Were you even watching?

De Niro just said all I think about Trump:  "He's a punk, he's a dog, he's..."

Seriously Times? He commanded the stage? How? By lying practically every time he opened his mouth, offending people and treating his opponent with disrespect. Great job not.

So commanding is defined as an almost complete lack of knowledge about the subjects necessary to do the job you're seeking?  Got it....typical Republican logic....

If Trump really wanted to intimidate Hillary by following her around the stage, shouldn't he have been shaking a box of Tic Tacs in his pocket while he was doing it?

By the way the king of the fat shamers is getting quite hefty, thought it was Christie with a squirrel on his head.  Someone should tell his tailor that making it flap in the front does not hide the bulk and tell him to put away the Oreos.

Normally, it saddens me that I haven't born a child... That global politics boil down to schoolyard posturing is not only embarrassing but deep down dangerous. #istillhavefamilydarnit

"Many progressives will vote for Clinton in spite of their opposition to her politics, simply to prevent Trump from setting foot in the White House. I understand their desire to see him defeated, but even more important is beginning the process—too long delayed—of building an alternative to the pro-capitalist parties monopolizing US politics.
Stein’s campaign is an opportunity to rally support for what is widely wanted and needed: radical change. Even a few million people voting for her would be a powerful expression of the changing political landscape. It would be a down payment for a whole new kind of politics in the years ahead, and a new party based on social movements and ordinary people—a party of, by, and for the 99 percent." 
-- Kshama Sawant

"If Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka receive 5% of the national vote, the Green Party will qualify for general election public funding in 2020 that will be worth over $10 million dollars. 

Securing 5% of the popular vote will also guarantee state ballot access lines for the next election cycle, saving the Green Party time and money that could be spent where our party most needs it most. 

Securing 5% of the popular vote is not only possible but achievable. Now, more than ever, your donation can unleash a tidal wave of action that will materially build the party for 2018 and 2020." 
#JillnotHill #JillSteinDoubleOrNothing

When Michelle Obama said, "When they go low, we go high", see what Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton really did. Donald J. Trump is coming to fix it.
Repost from:
发信人: canoneos (知秋一叶), 信区: USANews
标 题: When they go low, we go high
发信站: BBS 未名空间站 (Mon Oct 10 10:24:38 2016, 美东)
When they go low, we go high.
Higher goes your tax, health premium and our national debt.
Going so high we blame Abraham for all our lies.
When they go low, we go high.
Higher on those classified emails we bleached with chemical acid.
Going so high, we left our Libya ambassador to die.
When they go low, we go high.
Higher on those cracks you can legally buy.
Going so high, we open our border and Bill's pant flyer.
When they go low, we go high.
Higher on the "charity money" we got with foreign Gov. tie.
Going so high, we no longer see that pity mid class deplorable guy.

Words count, NYTimes! "Commanding Stage"..or predatory circling of the stage?!
You CANNOT normalize the words and behaviors of this
demagogue. Shame in you..

If anything, last night debate demonstrated Trump's ability to insulting and hollow talk.
If anything, last night debate demonstrated Trumps incompetence and inability to discuss issues and technical dossiers.

Evolution of Evil:
At the beginning, Trump had less 1% of voters support. Everybody knew that he was a donkey. But as his racism, or at least his pandering to the racists baser instincts, became evident, his support started to grow up. That's clear now, all racists are stand up for Trump. The KKK leaders, the whitey supremashit, are stand up for him. Even the hispanics that follow him are paradoxically racists. On the other hand, resembling the civil war times, the evangelicals are equally divided by racists and non-racists. Even prominent actors as Clint Eastwood and politicians like Rudy Giuliani, has exposed themselves as blatant racists because of Trump. Being a non-racist and being a Trump follower, are two completely incompatible things. Those are the people which The Donald said that are good Americans, that's really deplorable. The upcoming elections will be a "tremendous" fight between racists and non-racists. Donald Trump is playing the racist card. Had it not been a racist, he would not have won more than 4% or 5% of the votes. With this slimy clown and his cronies ruling the US, we will be entering to a new and perilous racial upheavals era. Anyone doubt?

Commanded the stage like a 5 year old commands attention when not getting their own way! Message to Trump supporters: no need to be embarrassed, we're embarrassed FOR you!

UP TRUMP she never expected it.she didn't see it comin.she was just so confuse.
This time around TRUMP was fully prepared for her.

She will jail according to TRUMP

Command of the stage?  You're kidding, right?  He paced, he turned his back on the audience, he leaned on his chair, while she was thoroughly composed throughout.  His obvious attempts to rattle her didn't work.

nice puff piece for hillary.. how about some actual journalism where we call out both these lying losers and replace them BOTH with some real candidates.

And pointing in her face and at whatever he was pointing at in the audience is commanding? He continuously called her "YOU"-- that's disrespectful on its own. He's the one with extreme hate in his heart-- for Hillary.

All true
Hillary was on point and command the stage.. With each other taking turns at online and hall questions..Donald never answered the questions Seem like he was lost for words...

Note to Trump: if you want people to believe you aren't a prowling predator, perhaps you shouldn't follow a woman around on stage like one. On national TV.

Commanding the stage?? Smh. What debate were you watching NYT. He was a bully and a cry baby. My 9 year old can control himself better than Trump.

It took about 5 minutes for the tapes to come up and was talked about for 20 minutes but as usual every-time Hillary is on the ropes the moderators swoop in to the rescue. They refuse to talk about the leaked e-mails. They wanted to get off the topic of the intentionally deleted e-mails as fast as possible.

loved the cameras showing both families before the debate...how comfortable and releaxed Bill, Chelsea & her hubby looked as they smiled and easily chatted with each other.....then camera shows Trump family looking all stone faced & stoic like they just drank piss and vinegar or a Jim Jones cocktail.

I try to keep my political views to myself. But really I can't do that any longer! I see America slipping away! I'm not a republican or a democrat. I am an American, not a white one, not a black one. or a hispanic one, or a native american one, or any others that make up our great nation. Donald Trump is really not a republican he is a Nationalist. He believes in America! He's not a politician! He's a rich guy that could have continued to make money like the other leaches in the political system, but he decided this country means something! He's fighting the republican party elites that don't like him and the media who has never found a democrat that they didn't love or worship! Just look back at all those Kennedy family scandals what great examples of morality they are. If we make the right decision this time we will be on the road to a Republic once again! The founding fathers said we have established a Republic are we smart enough to keep it!  George Washington said political parties will be the death of us. How true that is today! If you elect Donald Trump maybe this time, just maybe, people like Joe the Plummer and others might have a chance to lead this great nation. I don’t think the founding fathers believe in the good old boys network running the country. They were smarter than the politicians of today! So when you go out to vote remember that our country is at stake! I pray you all make the right choice. God help us all!

Schau mal in der letzten Sekunde des Videos will ein Mann im Hintergrund aufstehen aber scheitert 😬MMaximilian PletschacherSSebastian LanzingerVVinzenz Wiggl

With extraordinary courage and superior will, Mr Trump commanded a powerful attack against the smug, smirking Hillary, despite the media driven machine of destruction paid for by the devil. "Woe unto the wicked Clinton and Obama monsters.

Hardly commanding the stage. More like criminal trespasssing. A restraining order should have been called for. But a man on speed or coke cannot sit or stand still, can he?

Commanding? That was the posturing of a hulking bully trying to physically menace a woman of smaller stature plain and simple.

Commanded the stage?! More like disrupted everything like a 5 year old who is poorly behaved with that mouth and his gooney stalker-like pacing!!

Trump looks like a sleazy stage actor; having no charm of a President.

Trump always lets Hillary talk first and claim. Cunning trader even does not know any about global issues except complaining

Trump may not be charismatic, but I've learned enough over the years that Clinton is NO angel, never was. She is a female Nixon.

Command of the stage? I care more about the command of the issues that our president must face on the world stage. That is imperative and he lacks it.

Trumps miscalculation is that he applied this approach to a Presidential debate, which further reinforces that he behaves inappropriately.

He commanded the stage only with his bullying and stalking, predatory moves. And then there's his snorting. What's with that?

Command? He was physically intimidating her for God's sake!

This is the new york times writing such a ridiculous bi line over this article??? astonishing, i thought you were all professionals !

What???  He was a BULLY, standing behind her, stalking her, threatening to put her in jail.

Very accurate assessment, he looked more confident and played the stage- Hillary appears to lack confidence - her body language spoke volumes. He won on theatrics she won on intelligence.

What? Command the stage? He was a mess... Lurking behind Hillary, heaving breathing.... He looked angry. Can't wait to see professionals that study body language sort this one out! Hillary was amazing in a very difficult situation.

soooooo creepy how he loomed up behind-trying to show "dominance"? kind of like watching The Blob-couldn't stand to watch and couldn't stand not to watch.

Still don't get why people are still for him. Clearly he doesn't know what he's doing or what he's even talking about. He acts like a child and spews nonsense

Donald Trump did own the medium tonight. Except that it was a presidential  debate, not a reality tv show.

And lot of them cheered on his offensive comment..but mrs. Obama said "when they go low we go high"..

His non verbal stance and "loom" was a form of trying to dominate, intimidate and bully her. He made it clear front the beginning he wasn't going to sit with her.  He's just gross. But I love how it didn't phase HRC .

My takeaway was that 2 candidates who have unprecedented issues with character and trust were on stage with the implication that we must choose one of them. The bipartisan CPD which controls these debate by setting their own arbitrary polling standards to keep alternative views away from the American public is, quite honestly, guilty of collusion and obstruction of free thinking and open discourse. If Johnson and Stein, who are both on enough ballots to win the election, were on stage, the quality and content of the dialogue would have been more substantive and less like a reality TV show. It is so frustrating. The status quo in Washington is choking our country. We're not all blue/red, right/wrong, us/them -- yet the media only presents politics today in this manner. Investigate your other choices America !!!!!

He was clearly positioning himself behind her to get more facetime in and therefore be able to show by gesture and body language exactly how he was feeling at the minute. This is a form of encroachment on Clintons debate time and should not be permitted.

Intimidation is what Don was doing! It goes along with another veiled threat to jail her! That goes against our democracy! That comment alone is putinesque!

It was like watching the real housewives versus npr between trump and Hillary. He was childish and interrupted her and argued with the moderaters and she regurgitated scripted and long drawn out rehearsed lines

To command... not in my opinion. To be demagogical, to be childishly absurde and self–righteous is a better choice of words.

Command? By being a whining, defiant, childish bully that can't follow rules? No, that's called undignified, unprecedented and un-presidential.

"Commanding the stage?" That's what that was? Oh, I thought he was barely controlling himself from strangling her on live television.

Halloween is coming up, I am expecting to find the kiddies out there in their scary trump costumes, this man is frightening.

GREAT temperament shown by Hillary despite the threats, stalking & untrue accusations made by Trump. Can this guy stope any lower?

Big takeaway: trump displays how to fight the good fight...trump is showing that he is open to work hard for the American people however he shows us...to say what you mean, and mean what you say....and the truth will prevail.

i am glad Hillary is going to win this election..maybe the closet bigots can go back into hibernation and wait for another trump season. which will take a while at least 
Btw, join this app to compete votes with all people all over the world https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/d.trump-vs-h.clinton/id1145283248?ls=1&mt=8

She is sick and tired... Always sitting on the chair while not talking. You saw it. Donald was standing all the time~ That's the difference!

DT won. He was more effective because of his short sentences and use of keywords.
HC told people to go to her site, during a debate meant for explaining yourself.
DT is becoming smarter with his talking points and that's a problem for HC

Clinton was returning to her mark out of respect for her opposing candidate to have the floor to answer his question.

Wandering around trying to look like Big Foot instead of Tiny Hands.

"Command the stage" by stalking Hillary and perving his stool? Okay.

If command is lurking, photobombing, and invading a woman's personal space, then maybe you're right.

Command the stage???? That was lurking, prowling, threatening behavior. He should have been arrested for stalking.....

He was attempting to bully Clinton by towering over her like the big obese lying bigoted sexual predator that he is.

Truth will set me free trump your not deserve to be president of United States of America hilary clinton go ahead and god bless you amen...

He's a sniffing, sniveling, pouty, paranoid, who had to attack the moderators, for ganging up on him with Clinton, even though they were fair to both.  He stalked her on stage like a weird, egomaniacal sociopath, thinking he could intimidate with body language.  But, after seeing the bus video and knowing what a gruesome lech he is, that was hard to watch.  He's an absolute disgrace to this great nation, and in a month, hopefully, will be disposed of in the dustbin of American election history.

Not sure lurching around the stage like a coked-up Frankenstein's monster was a good thing...

Too bad his command of the stage was to fill it with BS. Must be why he was sniffing so much, the smell

Hillary clinton looks confuse, at a point she was begin for a vote from Audience.hahaahahaha.
TRUMP all the way

TRUMP won the debate big time.she look confuse like a beby.TRUMP this is the type of man the world need.

You must be on the same medication as Trump being this incoherent

Command the stage! You mean like how Saddam Hussein used to do it?

He's a television personality.  "Commanding the stage" is the least he can do, and he's not even doing that in a "commanding" way.  Unless you mean "taking up space."

It was like a Grandma talking to a bully kid!! Your guess who made more sense 😀

Clinton lost the debate that night. Totally out Dommed by Donald.

IF THE NEW YORK TIMES INTERPRETED TRUMP AS THE WINNER I NO LONGER RESPECT THE NEW YORK TIMES NOR WILL MANY PEOPLE - ARE YOU GUYS KIDDING ME?

Donald Trump! Aucun sérieux ce gars là! Va donc tourner des films de focké avec tes milliards. Dont tu serais la vedette .. Titre du film : Le fucké de 2016 !!!!!!!!

He acted like a psycho, a mad dog. Unquiet under coke.

He was not commanding the stage, he was trying to intimidate and stalk Hillary. That is not commanding that is an assault on her personal space.. What's wrong with you?

Trump like a raging bull... trying to intimidate because he has nothing else to give. He is nothing else than a clown.

Command the stage by sniffing, wheezing, and hulking around like Lurch.

Command the stage by looking like a creepy stalker. Lurch!

So Trump will ORDER his AG to take certain actions-When Nixon tried that his AG courageously resigned. Trump is dangerous/unfit

I love when they talk about it like it's a kennel show.

Trump lurked around the stage not commanded it! Lying and lurking do not equal stage presence.

No, actually, he didn't.

Trump TKO- he went there lock her up! Good for him!!! She should be in jail!

Command the stage?  Since when is being rude, lying and a bully being commanding??

One was being a polished politician, the other, a P.T. Barnum clown.

Blame it on Abe Lincoln Hillary what kinda answer was that she couldn't even lie her way out of the questions.

Does he have asthma?? I kept wondering if someone was just going to toss him a ventolin pump.

Command the stage by roaming around the stage and pointing his little finger at "her"!

He is a full of man spirit , not a half man. Why should he act as if he is weak?

If that's the NYT take on his performance, then trust me, the rest of the world is truly worried.

Last Second: to the right, a man who can not get up hahaha he won

Command by looming over her with his large Baby Huey-esque body like the menace he is? I call that stalking, not commanding.

He sniffled and stalked ...that was not showing command, it was barely controlled aggression.

He had Hillary on the ropes thats for sure.She could do nothing but take the beating.

He commanded nothing. What a foolish lead line. I can imagine him speaking with foreign leaders. Please do not glorify his behavior.

is she worthless or what , Crybabies, they are both wrong for this Election and wrong for America.

If that is what you like the command of the stage. Didn't say anything important though did he.

TRUMP the commander in chief of ARMED FORCES why hillary for prison

Demonstrated command? Please. Every camera angle I saw, he was exactly where he needed to be. Behind her.

Kinda like the Obama/McCain debate when McCain kept looking for his dog. Maybe Trump was looking for his hair.

That's commanding a room like a toddler having a fit at the store because you won't buy them a toy.

They are both jackasses. It is sad that these two are what we have to pick from for President.

Por un momento tuve miedo que la fuera a atacar. Este hombre me parece un violento

If two men were on that stage...Dtrump wouldn't have been acting as he does.

He was like a caged animal. Pacing around all the time

No way his walking was like a morron trying get control of himselt or maybe trying find words to say!! She won!!

"Command"? more like try to dominate and intimidate (didn't work....).

I just kept thinking: Don't turn your back on him! He's gonna hurt you!

it was the BAD kind of aggressive. Not the kind that says "I'm a leader," but the icky, rapey, Trumpy kind.

Zzzzzzz. More of the same. Please don't vote for either of these infants.

I wish she'd said: sit your five dollar azz down before I make change.

He didn't command the stage. He attempted to intimidate Hillary by stalking her around the stage. It didn't work. He's a LOSER.

He did NOT command the stage. He looked like a floating orange balloon with ADHD.

Are we going to make the same mistake as before and require that the PotUS be an entertainer?   I don't want an entertainer.  I want a dignified president.

Command the stage a rambling bumbling one. Made no sense brought up Bill who is not running a million times. I want to know what his plans are! Loser!

He is just a bully and of course the body language says it all

Isa Mella, a este tipo de cosas me refería cuando dije que fue venenoso a cagarrrr

State Islamic terror persecuted the Jews and your blood will be rivers ...

but how do you think you still elect a Clinton !! I do not reckon you, its Foundation and her husband

Well dont Mr Donald J Trump!You crushed that criminal!Thumbs up!

You're kidding right? He was a stalker, childish, bullying nonsense speaking factless, threatening womanizer!

Threatening is this man up to his party's like any dictator.

Command the stage?  He said nothing and lied the entire time, lol.

Erika ;Even when Facts have shown that she threatened to deal with those women that her husband allegedly raped when they wanted go public and reveal what happened? That is bullying those raped victims of bill to save her future presidential Ambition.

That's him trying to intimidate her. Didn't work. Just looked creepy.

Approximately 319 million people.... and those are the two you want to select for president??? That's scary!!!

Dude in the back round at the end can't get out of his chair lmao😂

Command the stage??? If he was a wrestler.  He lurked and she commanded with poise and connection to audience.

I think Sir Bill Clinton will begin to live in white house again 😃👍🏻

This is how a bully behaves. Sadly, lots of folks confuse bullying with leadership.

Doesn't the new York times publicly support clinton? Huh? I wonder if Bryan Mathews wrote this one.

"Donald Trump won this thing, but, you know what? I think Hillary did too. Because I am not allowed to say anything else."

He was pacing around the stage like the #SNL skit of the former New York gov David Patterson

Trump will survive media attacks successfully, to become first peace loving president of America,

the only thing she could do is go into the crotch defensive stance.

trump won the debate, he brought up all her scandals and she trie to deviate from everyone. HA!

I am a girl from Tunisia, 23 years old . Graduated from HIASHT. I got my diplome in Business English 2 months ago . Please so to help me to travel to America for work . I am financially powerless to travel.

Command the stage by repeatedly interrupting. DUde's a small-handed rapist, stop making him out to be anything more.

Stalking her like a predator and abuser is NOT commanding the stage.

Hillary and Obama like to give billions to our enemies to make them like us and speak in only the kindest of terms when it comes to radical Islamic terrorism.. Why don't they have the same strategy of kissing Russia's butt like they do Iran???? We just need to understand Russia better and not be racist to Russia ( yes I know Russia isn't a race but neither is Mexico or Muslim) .. We need to teach Russian culture in our schools and give them billions in cash and we need to speak kindly of Russia... Maybe then they will like us!!!! Sounds pretty f:cking stupid doesn't it???

Trump appears to have a problem with the sniffing under pressure...is it a response of fear or of drug usage?

How ridiculous is this analysis? Totally ridiculous. Let the anti Trump spin rise to the absurd.

We know The New York Times is Pro Hillary from the beginning, just like the rest of the biased media. Trump won the debate!

He also looked her in the eye when he was proving his point. He spoke directly to her & not the commentators or audience. He knows what he is doing.

😂Hahaahaaa!!! What is he running for Creeper in Chief? He looked like a secondary character from a Thomas Harris novel. Hahaahaaa!!!😂

Trump is the lowest kind of human being anyone could possibly imagine! Wow, just when I thought he hit the rock bottom, he always finds a way to go straight down to hell! Disgusting!

He wasn't commanding the stage; he was acting like a creepy stalker.

David J. Cortes Velez- mira lo que te dije....causa verguenza ajena. Increible pero cierto.

Hah?! His ability to command the stage??!! By stomping it?! LOL C'mon NYT! Don't print ridiculous statements!

His hovering was creepy. Did you notice he humped the back of his chair?

Lol. Such BS. what you saw was her getting handed the truth on a silver platter served with a dose of humility.

If you call towering over her and pacing behind her like the classic bully attempting to cower the much smaller woman you are right.  Classic bully behavior.

He commanded the stage and Hillary got punked .. That is what happened..lol

He was looking 4 that microphone his supporters were speculating about! What A big loser!

The man is a bully, of course he will try to command any stage.

Honestly, Hillary doesn't even have to try to win anymore, he lost all on his own.

A vote for Hillary is a vote for no more justice in this country chaos will ensue.

Her presence was in White House where she commanded the killing of the Ambassador and then deleted all top secret emails to avoid the jail!

Would you look at Trump, he's a walking caricature.

Hillary clinton can talk but change nothing.

:))))) you can trick me once but not twice NYT

TV show man 👏👏👏👏

stage presence?! You're fired!!!

nausea o nausea

Hillary Clinton rigged the debate and lost BIGLY!

Command the stage??? What, like Saddam Hussein?

Next President Of The United States Of America Donald J. Trump

Command a stage???  Really, NYT???  Well, the White House is not an audition.  It is all about governing with a steady hand and sincere resoluteness.  We need someone who can "command" the important issues and lead our military, not a third rate reality show participant.

"command the stage". Seriously? He was like a rabid dog, foaming at the mouth with anger and venom while calling Hillary the 'devil'. He paced back and forth and loomed over her like the disgusting bully he is. Also he didn't answer a SINGLE question and made statement after statement that has zero factual basis.  If the bar is so low that anybody thinks his performance was remotely presidential, then you need to reconsider the height of that bar.

Because what America needs is a reality show star in the White House.  I don't think heads of state will be impressed with his "command of the stage".  He won't be able to impress anyone behind closed door meetings when it comes down to it.  What is he going to do when the cameras are off and he has no one to pander to?  How will he handle himself?  This is why this man will not get my vote.  HRC isn't the end game.  He's a showman and the POTUS is more than a circus performer.  There won't be applause every day.  He would make a horrible President for that reason alone without his lack of social graces and common decency.

Hillary was a pro and remained very composed throughout. Every time an audience member asked a question she addressed that person and for the most part she answered the question that was actually asked in detail. Trump didn't address the person asking questions at all and for the most part didn't answer the questions at all. His behaviour was that of a child. Instead of answering  the questions he took every opportunity to bash or bait Hillary or even the adjudicators. He was a disaster last night. He did do better than the 1st debate but let's face it, he had to do something to try salvage his campaign. It was by no means a brilliant debate by Clinton. Clinton in the end just had to show up and remain composed and answer questions to win it probably because we all know trump has to pull a rabbit out of a hat to win this race now and always delivers with tying himself in knots and destroying himself.

You call that commanding the stage?  You make it sound like a positive thing!  He lurked, paced, pointed his finger, and stood directly behind Hillary Clinton with a scowl on his face.  He littered the stage with his presence, is more like it.

Trump will be the biggest dictator the U.S. has ever seen.
I'm scared he is vindictive and makes up his own reality.  Trump loomed behind her in a classic abuser stance. It was abusive to bring the women into the room. He is a sick man. 

Hillary was an inspiration. She was dignified, a listener, spoke to the people. They must have felt reassured and safe when she would answer their questions. She was intelligent and thoughtful. She showed she knows the reality of what is happening in the world and what needs to be done. She can handle the most difficult situations with confidence, this debate was an clear example of her ability to rise to the occasion. "Go high when they go low."  I am glad she did not stoop to his level. 

There was too much to explain in two min. Go to her website and read up. This is so important, please get informed. We want to progress forward, not regress backward. Supreme Court justices Arlene at stake!

It was the mind rape of us all by a master mind rapist.

Command the stage? Try stalking the stage.

Yea, command the stage like a creepy stalker!

Really?  What the hell. He acted like a big baby when he thought Hillary got 2 extra minutes, he interrupted, he often didn't answer the questions being asked, and he didn't give specifics about anything..."my health plan is going to be great". Give me a break.

We saw Hillary as the leader and Trump as the clown.

Command the stage? The guys a f***ng bully!

He was not commanding it, he was like a caged animal

If you csall creeping up behind her and leering comanding.

He's a despicable ignoramus!!! He knows nothing!



You must have been watching a different debate NYT.

Strong Lady. She is a fighter

He was continually lurking!

The most honest assessment I've seen yet.

Creepy! Look behind you Hillary, it's The Groper!

If you call creepy lurking commanding the stage.

http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2016/10/09/trump-comes-out-swinging-and-wins-second-debate.html

Really NYT??? Command the stage?? His behavior was hostile, angry, predatory, and looked more like an angry dictator.  He was physically intimidating his opponent which is not professional debate behavior...FFS call it as it was and quit normalizing psychopathy.

HE WON! shocking

Ok- he is totally doing cocaine.  First dezzzbate sniffles, ok, maybe he caught a cold.  Second debate?? More than 10 days later?  Not rhinovirus, that would be over already.  And notice how you have never seen him sniffle once during a stump speech -- where he's in his own element and confident.  Nope.  Only during the debates,  when he's feeling insecure--- suddenly all these sniffles.  Hmmm....why are we not hearing from the drug experts???



Making Fascism fashionable.

Commanded the stage. Hahahahaha. That's a good one!

Command the stage? What he did was just creepy.

What a creep. Nothing more to say about it.

Can she command Respect from PUTIN?wil the way she was shaking on stage

He went to a new low, stalking her right on tv!

Bill IS NOT RUNNING

Trump is a filthy piece of flesh..

The Donald paced like an old elephant on drugs.

Dump the Trash Trump

Stalking the stage like a sexual predator is more like it.

Commanding the stage by being creepy and stalking Hillary.

...Trump is really scary.

Why was he in command, because of his cocky, arrogant attitude?

This ability to command a stage is best kept to his dabbling in WWF exhibitions.  He knows nothing about debating, he's a boor and a bully that brings his gang along with him, when challenged. Only a coward needs back-up against an opponent.

Following a woman around like a rapist stalking a victim. What a weirdo.

Trump acted like a BULLY....BACKFIRED!

The loser of the debate...the American people

dominance posture

#scum#threatening

It is called intimidation and it did not work.

Are you kidding?

Lurking, looming, bullying....Trump.

He was a rambling, off topic, spinning, sniffer

Ability to command the stage? ROFL.

she wandered when she had to..he loomed :-D

#letgarydebate

That's exactly how Putin does it. Wake up, people!

CHEERING FOR HER TO GO TO JAIL!!!! LOVE IT!!

is that an euphemism to avoid saying he won?

yes, she held that stool down pretty well!

commanding in a creeping stalker kind of way sure

Oh please stop she kept coming over to his side

Aries Love: that was funny! INTRERESANT, really!

One sarcastic line is not a score

U mean in as in stalking?

Is this a joke?  Were we not watching the same debate because all I saw was a man who went from pathetic to repulsive in a matter of seconds.  If that's "commanding the stage", well then whoever wrote this has painfully low standards.  As a matter of fact, my significant other, who unfortunately supports this clown was even taken aback at the lack of respect for a proper debate.  Trump's interrupting, arguing and whining were a tad much for everyone.

He has a playground bully mentality.

She should be in jail

the whole thing is scripted

Haha that's funny very shallow

He has no clue

Crazy man.

GIVE ME A BREAK!  MEDIA BIMBOS!

Stalker.

I Luv it when a woman puts some men in their place

I thought he was going to hit her or go mental

Haha. Is this Dumb and Dumber Part III?

I think, Trump, it's a joky character



Running a country is not a stage of a tv show!!!!

It isn't "commanding" -- it's kayfabe.

Is The Onion taking over the NY Times!?!?

The comments from Trump to jail her opponent if he wins the White House were from a third world country.  I've only seen that happen in Latina America, Asia, and some African countries.  This man(Trump) continues to disgrace our democracy.

Explain the first debate.

What ridiculous commentary- on both sides

I do not want President Clinton (and who you especially commands)

Win, Hillary, win.

It was patently predatory

bouth retrogrades

It was physically aggressive.

Trump 2016

She is soooooo smug

What about had face?Trump with the face not normal

Tener esa supuesta Telegenia no lo exime de ser un supremo imbécil!

Really NYT? Smh

"command"? You're kidding, right?

Typical stalker.

Another idiot is gonna be new president of usa ! Nothing changes

He's terrifying!

He stalked around the stage like a psychopath. Sniffling like he had been snorting cocaine.

Wonder who the NYT is pulling for??

Puppet show

She should be in jail.

Oh! Can I punch him in the face? Please! That face is really punchable 👊

Hillary still has more class

http://www.factcheck.org/2016/10/factchecking-the-second-presidential-debate/

What???!!!

He looks like a creepy clown!!!!

Nice try, Dr. Spin.

How low can Bill and Hill go? ;) JGD. ----dr.

OMG! Trump was horrible!

it looks like Celine Dion and Garou ><

More like his ability to take over the stage like a gorilla.

#GaryJohnson2016. The honest, trustworthy, SANE option

He's just a disgrace.

Ftrump, lurking perv

so, trump is over ??

The worst Bozzo acting!

Putins butt buddy

bullying

Command the stage? 🤔🤔

He's just nuts

Is this a joke, NYT?

Damian Davitt you watched yet ? I'm so so so so so excited

i disagree

Trump is frustrated, desparate & indignant. He can smell his defeat.  It's easy to talk big in front of camera but hard to get the job done.

command the stage by stalking it all night?  and what the hell was all that sniffing about?   and threatening to put in Hillary in jail should he win?  this guy is Deplorable.

#DropOutTrump Disgusting Pig and a Sexual Predator.

HilLIARy got owned!

#GRABTHEMBYTHEPUSSY

Jajajaja

hillary for prison

"Because you'd be in jail..." :D

TRUMP!

It is deplorable that some in  the crowd laughed and cheered his "you'd be in jail" comment.  He knows his base and I bet the cheers and laughs at his reprehensible commented boosted his ego tenfold at the moment.

he comes off as a stalker.

He is soooooooooooooooo dangerous.

Think the real problem here is The Donald doesn't like being up against a woman (sorry, bad choice of words).  He will never take losing to a woman.

hillary is a clown and all her followers are bigger clowns she will not last long poor clown lady drop out now you FOOL Put her face  on a box of Quaker Oats just sayin no pun intended just the truth

Predatory. Stalking.

Welcome hil

Command the stage?? This isn't entertainment,  this is our political process.  He has no platform.  This whole thing is a charade. The illusion of democracy.   Even our media plays into the BS.

PETE AND REPETE

Geronimo Potin jaja si lo dijo 🙈 impresionante

Mariana, os primeiros dez segundos

he has an odd view of a democratic election...  you'd be in jail.  says a lot about his afinity for a dictator like Putin.

Huh?????

Disagree

Please let the day dawn and the elections be over.  Painful to watch these debates.  Far too personal.  Where are the issues that need to be debated?

lets say Trump wins.  it would not be a stretch of the imagination to see him refuse to leave the Presidency when voted or termed out.

AARON GUS GREAT DAY The New York TimesHUGES.....

He can't control the aggression and rage within.  He sniffs, struts, looms, makes ridiculous faces, interrupts because  he lacks the maturity, calm,
rationality, and temperament necessary for the leader of our country.  Send him back to a scripted reality; that's all he can handle.

He walked around aimlessly.  That is not commanding the stage.  She doesn't need to explore the stage in order to respond to his banter.

Brilliant Response! Vote Hillary for prison.

Lame commentary and poor journalism

"Because you'd be in jail" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

THE POWERV OFTODAY OF NEGATIVE POLARITYES COMMENTS AND OCCUPEID OF HACKERS MEXICANS IN ALL PEGES YOU TUBE FACEEBOOK OF COPRICHOSAL RENCCORD OF GENEROU8S VERY INTRERESANT

New York Times (former newspaper)

Direct and indirect liars

Ça vol haut.

"Command the stage by sniffing, wheezing, and hulking around like Lurch." Shelton Harder

Jonathan Creutzburg punchline de l'année

On You Tube: We Just Seen On You Tube:  "CNN Anderson Cooper Lies To Protect Hillary Clinton Pedophile Case"  May 2016

No it did not.. And Mr. Trump, acted as if He is ADHD... He would not sit down.. Or still.. He continuously interrupted Sec. Clinton.. And He keeps repeating the same rehearsed speech.. Mr. Trump,  keeps badgering us with reminders of President Clinton's past issues with Women.. We know all of that.. And even though President Clinton ran for president twice and won. And even though while President Clinton was President, Americans were better off financially.  These debates as well as this run for presidency has nothing to do with President Clinton. And President Clinton's mistakes..faults..etc. Will not prevent Sec. Clinton, from doing her job. Mr. Trumps, comments per Muslims.. Blacks.. Women... Or Mexicans.. Have nothing to do with My view of Him.  It bothers me to the point of boiling anger.  That anyone running for President of America, goes on national 📺 and praises a leader of Russia. While constantly disrespecting President Obama. And I believe that the disrespect of President Obama, by Mr. Trump, is based upon race.. And what elite white Mankind sees as a disgrace. A slave beating the so called masters twice, at their game.. And being the leader of America. This is very unacceptable by the old class of white American's. Especially since President Obama is totally against the sneaky.. Criminal.. Racist.. Elite. Did You all see Mr. Trump last night? And You want him to represent America as President. Seriously? He behaves like a crack head.   My other issue with Mr. Trump is his very unwillingness to disclose his true tax info.. He is hiding a whole lot and it's there in his true tax reports.. He is insinuating that He is this genius per business.. Money.. But He has filed bankruptcy, in each decade.. since the eighties. Mr. Trump,  has done nothing for America. Ever!   Recall the Kennedy's! Wealthy family, that gave a whole lot to and for America. Allen Greenspan.. Warren Buffet,  both are very wealthy and very intelligent per financial wisdom.. They have always sought to assist America per the countries financial issues... Mr. Trump, has never helped any administration. Please correct me if I am wrong.  Mr. Trump, references President Reagan, but people, do you believe that President Reagan would be endorsing Mr. Trump?  Yes there are better qualified women to run for president.  But today, we must deal with the reality of the open facts.  Sec. Clinton, is the better choice for president.  Mr. Trump seems unsure.. Unstable(He has an extensive divorce record). He has filed bankruptcy in each decade since the eighties..  And He says that He will make America better... Look what has happened right in his own Republican party. Did He make the very party that He is a member of.. Or do we see the Republican party divided more due to Mr. Trump?  Mr. Trump has an ulterior motive for wanting to be president. And He certainly believes that the American people are stupid. He is conning the American people. The world seen this before.. A Mankind conning a country into placing him into leadership.. Using fear.. Hate.. Etc. To win the peoples over.. And then once in office that man changed the world by slaughtering millions of Jewish people.. Creating wars on several continents..and bringing destruction and ruin on his own people..his party.. And his country.  Mr. Trump, praises Russia, but wants to name drop historical American military greats.   He thinks that you are stupid. Like His not even paying taxes. Makes Him smart.   Mr. Trump believes and feels that the Americans that do pay taxes.. are not smart like himself.   How do Republicans secretly stand with him? How do you as Americans vote for him?

David Hall Leah Weinstein Olivia Marcey Cierra Buckner here's that line we missed

Nika Rotar pa je bVo

That poor woman

Carissa

Margaux Prnt Rémi Pannekoecke

Naira Furtado

No Na Ne Reo nè :)))

A person who do not pay your taxes are able to run for US president? Someone that stole from a nation and admit it in public is able to run free?  This is not a Federal crime in US? someone answer to me... Because i am really don't understand how the American justice works.

Filip Grzybowski Niveau!!

Oh, please.  He's just upstaging her - old theatrical trick to steal the spotlight.

*snorts* any 'reality star' worth their salt can 'command a stage'  once again he did so by being a bully and attacking Bill Clinton, who is NOT running for president.  from the start he's done this and been very demeaning to HC on a consistent basis.. the man can't stand the thought of a woman besting him.

Yeah, Sniffles had a real presence up there.  It was super creepy, but, still a presence. 😱

Murray Wilkojc 0:53 😂

No, he didn't command the stage.  He proved he is a lying, unqualified bully.  Not presidential, ever.

I cannot stand what is going on this morning on Morning Joe.  The usual Trump nonsense legitimizes.

Bullying.  Isn't that something we teach our kids not to do?

He didn't command the stage.  He paced like a predator trying to intimidate before pouncing with his ridiculous statements.

Command the stage?  He looked like a creepy stalker, and talked like a lunatic.  That's commanding the stage?

He commanded the stage?  All he did was show us what a big bully he is, AGAIN.

Command the stage?  Trump looked like he forgot to take his Ritalin.

"...command the stage"????  Don't you mean, "stalk his opponent"?

Fell asleep waiting for Trump to answer one question.  Got so dizzy watching him circulating his prey and waiting to attack!  Sniffling like a drug addict.  No command of formulating a coherent sentence.  No diplomacy.  Acted like he was on Apprentice!!!  #NEVERTRUMP

out of 300 million persons the selective is this what you come up with. And they will go in combat with Putin.  Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha . Poor USA !

Hope Hillary used hand sanitizer after the debate.  Never know what germs she picked up.  NEVER TRUMP!

Menacing and creepy are the way Trump came across.  Not presidential.

He aimlessly  barged about, like an angry rodent in a Havahart  trap.

Command the stage?  He appeared to be rabid.

Bonjour  je suis entrain  de regarder  le débat .diffuser sur une chaîne  d'information. .Trump .ignoble 😈raciste  .ce débat vole très très bas ..

Trump pummelled Hillary.
  I was surprised.

HILLARY IS THE DEVIL. 
She went against congress to invade Libya, where Gaddafi provided his people with free education, healthcare, electricity, maternity leave for women etc. Hillary killed Gaddafi because he was going to start a gold backed currency that would have threatened the petrodollar of America so her donors payed her to kill him.

She did not help the people of Libya, today those same people are under the rule of ISIS, women are being raped, Christians are being murdered, gays murdered etc. 

Hillary is the devil, she robbed the people of Libya, threatened the women who her husband raped etc.

Duca Nguyen  until 0.10 is all you need

Patrick Nunes Fernando Folkis ;)

Hillary = Terrible Nominee AND Trump = Terrible Nominee  ... vote third party!

http://m.dailykos.com/story/2015/9/17/1422403/-Hillary-Clinton-s-Record-of-Accomplishments

supported by Columbia Picture,, FREE (y) <3

(y) WHEN THE BOUGH BREAKS (2016)
http://ratukebonraya24.blogspot.co.id/2016/10/film-when-bough-breaks-2016.html

(y) Full Movie Kevin Hart: What Now?
http://semangatjuang73.blogspot.co.id/2016/10/full-movie-kevin-hart-what-now.html

Command the stage? Oh, Puhlease!  https://www.amazon.com/How-Donald-Trump-Stole-Husband-ebook/dp/B01LMBB64O/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-text&ie=UTF8&qid=1476025466&sr=1-1&keywords=how+donald+trump+stole+my+husband

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqCIub3SmCI&feature=youtu.be

Abdou Iba Eliot Meyer

Isela Ponce

Julie Bernhardt Parker

Hillary  on a top!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Irish Vanhorse

Jenn Sheppard

Lizzie MillerYvonne Homoncik

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=a-xjiXfJ58Q

https://www.facebook.com/DonaldTrump/videos/10157857037430725/

http://freedomoutpost.com/wikileaks-hillary-armed-terrorists-and-made-money-from-isis-supporters/

Ali Al-farhan

Melissa Beutick

Tadzio Torcoli

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1loRkVW0fys

http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/ben-stein-time-for-trump-to-go/?ftag=CNM-00-10aab4i

Bernardo Cardoso Rodrigues

Tom te Buck

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2xjZVlOtOM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcqh0gRy-og

don't forget 

Hillary Clinton has discussed the video on which Donald Trump makes insulting comments about women.
She added that "respecting each other" was what made America already great.