No-one knows how to swindle the system better than he. He's the best conman and fraudster there is! I mean, next to L. Ron Hubbard, no-one has ever perpetuated a bigger con on the American people than he.

The tax laws were written to allow him to do that.  I'm not a fan of Trump, but any blame should fall on Congress, not him.

The only thing that Donald Trump did not do was to abuse Hillary and call her by bad names and but he left no stone unturned in insulting her. I think that it is the kind of attitude he shows towards women. He is immoral, unethical, lewd, debauched and a shameless person who has no conscience of guilt.

If it's there and it's legal, of course he takes it. That's not the problem. The problem is his supporters shaming people on welfare, insisting on artificially clinging to less economically relevant industries while some how detesting government intervention, and not questioning why he won't release his tax returns and holding him accountable for that. Let's not get the real and pragmatic issues mixed up with the sensationalized ones.

His claims that everything that has failed over the past 30 years are her fault alone is absolutely hilarious...I mean I guess she was a dictator for the past 30 years instead if being involved in a democracy with a system of checks and balances...lol.

A Trump presidency would send America careening to a vile place of no  return. Imagine the instruments of government in his hands! Dragging those woman to a press conference was a disgusting move, the last gasp of a dying man!  Voting for Secretary Clinton and a blue congress and when possible, for a woman. Trump your a thug! GOP RIP. Back up the hearse and smell the flowers!

So let me get their straight... Hillary defended a child rapist, had people killed in Benghazi, deleted 33k emails on a private server, systematically created and armed ISIS, had 6 billion dollars unaccounted for as Secretary of State. And the media doesn't care. Donald Trump said something 11 years ago in a "locker room conversation" and the media is now going crazy. The hypocrisy is astounding!
#AmericaStandsWithTrump #TrumpPence2016

Yes! He doesn't pay taxes and is gonna lower taxes for most of us, we jsut need to cover up his tax cut as an entry fee. Cause you know, 900 Billion is at 13% around 30'000 per capita, I mean, I had the same deal selling AVON back in the day

Good job Anderson Cooper!! Someone finally got Trump to answer a direct question... You had to ask it several times - but he finally responded

Yet, he blamed his not paying taxes on Clinton.  Priceless.  "But I pay tax, and I pay federal tax too. But I have a write-off. A lot of it is depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she’s given it to us."

Oh NYT. Half of America DESPISES your publication and the way you have covered this years election. Biased. I wish someone would fact check you. Donald J. Trump won this debate. Now go help your lying, crooked, career politician. What would she do with out you?

Hillary's plan will help the middle class, and insist that the wealthy pay their fare share of taxes....it is Congress' fault - but something should be done for the middle class....

Hillary Clinton claimed the same loop hole on her returns. I just wonder about this selective outrage.

He's a tax-evader, a rapist and a known con-artist. He belongs is prison.

Oh Donald Trump this, Donald Trump that! Killary Clinton never earned an honest dime in her life and always cheated the system. Spends tax payers money on her expensive suits and dresses. Hillary Clinton #2016 GITMO

Donald Trump not only didn't pay taxes but if you read his tax proposals he does not get rid of the tax code that allows him to continue  not paying taxes. I don't blame Trump for taking advantage of the tax code or in my opinion "welfare for the wealthy ". I blame Congress.  However I blame him for lying and acting as if he would eliminate the code that benefits the most.

A rich man who chooses not to pay taxes has no business criticizing the way the government provides services to people just like a person who chooses not to vote has no business sitting around complaining that he or she doesn't like their elected officials.

this person has no right to talk about taxes if your not paying taxes period he will not come to the white house if women rally against him hes a bully and shuold be ashmed of the things hes said and done to women women will vote for clinton foe president

the devil was sitting back on her chair and laughing then she spewed out lie and probably destroyed more Email and killed more people not answering the phone while her husband got another blow job from the woman who kept on cutting Trump off from answering thing

Well Duh. Every single person in that financial position would. That's the law. It's not unethical to use tax law to your advantage. Everyone with a brain does. What about child tax credits to people who don't work or work minimally yet get multi thousand dollar refunds????

Trump followed the tax law. How stupid is it to attack him for that? You took a write-off too. The only difference he recovered- you're still headed for bankruptcy.

I love watching all of the supposed intellectuals stumble over the fact that we only pay income tax on INCOME...no income=a loss, a loss isn't taxable and shouldn't be. Not exactly rocket science.

But it's every American's ethic duty to one's fair share of Federal tax. The man is not a patriot. He has no business running for the presidency of our great nation.

"The cache of emails includes campaign strategies aimed at keeping the public perception of Clinton favorable, focusing particularly on her transparency, especially in light of the FBI investigation into her use of a private email server. The strategies sometimes reveal the campaign presiding over stylistic points and emphasizing what is to be described as “on the record.”

Of particular note is one January 2015 document which includes references to Maggie Haberman. Formerly of Politico, Haberman now covers the presidential election for the New York Times. According to the leaked document, she’s a “friendly journalist” who has “never disappointed” in painting a positive picture of Clinton."

https://www.rt.com/usa/362249-clinton-leaks-press-elections/

any board of directors would remove a ceo immediately if he failed to take a legal $900m asset writedown.......if you could not write down failed investments, nobody would invest......we would be cuba

I agree with you Jan Baer. It is the law and he is allowed to do it.  What is the big deal?  Congress could change this law, but they don't.  Trump has no control over this law.

I love it when you only report part of something that makes it look like completely something else. He used the legal tax codes to pay less tax , if you could legally pay less tax then would you have chosen to pay more ?? Unless you're an idiot then don't think so.

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

The rules are there to be used...not a fan of his either...if it's wrong, fix the rules...I'm Canadian, and I have even heard it said up here by people in taxation that we should pay what we owe, but not a penny more...it applies here as well...

This is a distraction...

One of the best points of the debates he made was that Hillary should have fought to change the code if she had an issue with it.  But, her big elite donors all have great accountants and use the loopholes and deduction too ..... as does crooked Hillary

I don't understand what the issue is with respect to the above.  U.S. federal income tax laws subject to federal income tax the "net income" of an individual or a corporate entity, not the "gross income".  The Internal Revenue Code allows taxpayers to utilize net operating losses, subject to strict substantive and procedural requirements.  If DJT's entities met these requirements, it would have been foolish of him not to utilize net operating losses, and it would likely be akin to a breach of fiduciary duty to the company's shareholders.  There is no patriotic duty to pay tax, when no tax is due.  Not allowing a taxpayer to utilize net operating losses would be tantamount to an unconstitutional seizure of property.  The NYT's coverage of this issue is clearly biased, and is not informed by a sound knowledge of tax law or policy.

And I think we should give trump a chance in the White House he will do well Hilary has been in government for 30 years and has failed America trump has never been in the government give him a chance let's see what he can do we know what Hilary does we have nothing left to lose at this point

Honestly if that was anyone else they would do the same thing, eventhough that is greedy to do it with that much wealth. But the tax code allows him to do that, simply that code has to be revised.

It's totally weird to see, but he lurked around the stage like a stalking animal, almost unconsciously, which revealed what he truly is, a stalking animal. Pops.

His exact answer was "I do". Meaning he's still taking advantage of that tax break and paying zero taxes. It also means that he doesn't make anywhere near what he claims to make since he still hasn't run out of the write off

Men like Trump PAID to get those tax breaks - they and those they successfully bribed should be investigated by a special prosecutor.

For this reason alone he should not be allowed to run for office. The mentions others but they do not run for office. He is no better than the people he points out.

Putin and Russians aren't killing Americans on America soil- so stop with the big bad wolf Russia talk when Isis who Hillary created and who support Hillary are killing Americans in America now!!!! #debate #deplorables Trumps words aren't killing innocent Americans like Hillarys terrorist supporters!! Hahahaha funny hearing the media scramble to save Hillary!!! I'm a college educated woman Trump won the debate #HillarysEarPiece #HillaryIsRaisingTaxes #hillaryNeverWillChange #trumpWillLowerTaxes #honestAbeNeverLied #hillaryBlamesLincoln #terroristForHillary #twoFacedHillary #openBordersHillary #badJudgementHillary #extremeVetting  #neverHillary #hillaryForPrison #youdBeInJail #impeachedBill #trumpTrain #AmericaFirst @donaldTrump

You all act like Trump is the only one taking advantage of the tax laws, all big businesses do it including the Clintons themselves at least he doesn't lie about it where as Hilary can't admit her wrong doings she just covers them up using lies and money to further her agenda. But the bottom line is this it's time for all Americans to stand up and force our government accountable for all the atrocities they have committed against its citizens

Trump's tax accountants followed the tax laws created by corrupt politicians like Hillary Clinton that do favors for their rich friends that finance her lust for power.  I take every deduction the law allows when I do my taxes.  As long as people like the Wicked Witch of Wall Street continue to take tens of millions of dollars in dirty money nothing will change.

Mark Cuban said he uses the deferred loss rule too but the difference is he risks his own money and invests in businesses that he truly believes in. Donald Trump borrowed the money he lost, so stiffed those investors, then didn't build the casinos he said he would so he stiffed THOSE investors. He took that loss which is a huge financial gain for him on the backs of people who invested with him.

I'm sure that if Trump hadn't lost that money, his taxes would have been well spent on wars, or lost in the Pentagon trillions scandal or the Hillary 'missing' millions scandal......
They could have payed the Private Contractors 6 X what the military gets, or payed the recruiters to convince our sons and daughters to give life and limb for ....a profiteering opportunistic few.

Yes...he took the same LEGAL deductions that Hillarys friend George Sorros took., under the law that she has failed to do anything about because it benefits her and her rich contributors.  Loved it when he said he knows the tax laws better than  anyone else and he's the one that knows how to change them.  Have any of you liberals refused to take deductions that were legally allowed...did you say...'NO, i want to pay more taxes".

And yet people really believe he's going to change the system in a way that won't continue to protect his own interests?  Yea, right.

Hillary response on replacements on the supreme court,,she says..I want someone with world experience..I want some who will change the balance of the supreme court from what is has been.. Trump says I want someone like Anton Scalia, someone who believes in the untied states constitution! and will abide by the constitution and uphold it.

So why doesn't Buffet and other rich people who say they should pay more taxes just add money to what they owe or make contributions to the national debt? You can just read the Tax return instructions

You don't have to choose between Bill's principal enabler and Trump. Vote Gary Johnson. 

BTW before you mention Aleppo read below. 
Hillary,"we were under sniper fire"

Hillary,"we left the Whitehouse dead broke"

Hillary,"I was instrumental in the Irish peace process"

Hillary,"A hateful video caused Benghazi"

Hillary replied “I don’t know” a whopping 327 TIMES during her e-mail investigation. After SMASHING 13 iPads and iPhones!

Hillary," We all knew he was guilty as hell *laughs*" -when talking about a child molester she defended and won for 

Hillary, “floozy,” “bimbo” and “stalker,”effort to cast doubt on the Bill's accusers. 

Wolff: “And Brexit? Your position?” Trump: “Huh?” 
Wolff: “Brexit.” 
Trump: “Hmm.” 
Wolff: “The Brits leaving the EU.” 

Trump,"I remember watching the firefighters on 7/11"

Trump,"I will defend article 11 of the constitution!"

Trump,"I don't know why there are 13 stripes on the flag"

Trump thought Quds=Kurds

Trump,"I don't think my daughter Ivanka would pose for playboy, although she does have a very nice figure, I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter perhaps I'd be dating her"

Trump about a married woman:"Yeah, that’s her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." 
"Grab ’em by the p***y. You can do anything."

DT won. He was more effective because of his short sentences and use of keywords.
HC told people to go to her site, during a debate meant for explaining yourself.
DT is becoming smarter with his talking points and that's a problem for HC

Q: How did the Clinton Foundation raise $2 billion so quickly? A: Foreign donors and US billionaires donating to buy access and influence.

How this lowlife creep is still listened to I cannot understand

He just said he paid hundreds of millions in taxes over the years and the entire country heard it as well. Some may not realize that he also pays the income of tens of thousands of taxpayers, something the liberal media will not talk about. Or the fact that Hillary has done more to send jobs overseas than create even a single one here at home.

Dale Morgan - Trump IS the past. He is 3 generations of spoiled white nouveau riche privilege that has acquired it's wealth from scamming and conning other people. If you can't see that you must be in Jonestown.

So, if things are as bad as he says they are, then he is part of the problem and his policy of continuing such tax avoidance will make matters worse.

Keep trying guys. It isn't working. Trump's comeback to the question was a knockout, one of many: Hillary hasn't changed the tax code in 30 years in politics because her donors don't want her to. What makes you think she'll change it this time?

Trump is Leona Helmsley......just with more make-up and a history of rape.

I was confused. He said he didn't pay taxes and then said he did pay taxes...he is a true idiot and so is his cult.

I hope, one day soon, to see him wear a jumpsuit that matches that phony spray tan of his.

Embarrassed to be an American with him... His suits don't even fit him all that well.

Yes, and once again he blames it on HRC because of the loopholes he's taking advantage of.

Is The New York Times giving income taxes regularly. I think Media is the most corrupt in the world, next comes politicians...

DONALD TRUMP IS NOT THE BUSINESSMAN HE CLAIMS TO BE ~ Trump is not a “Genius” when it comes to taxes or business.  

“WHAT KIND OF GENIUS LOSES ALMOST A BILLION DOLLARS IN ONE YEAR”???

“HOW CAN ANYONE LOSE MONEY IN THE CASINO INDUSTRY”?

He is a crook who screwed our Nation and the American People:

Donald the business mogul may not have paid taxes for as many as 18 years after declaring a $916 million loss on his 1995 returns. A New York Times report late Saturday showed how Trump had used byzantine tax laws to cancel out income taxes after his real estate and casino empire nearly collapsed in the early 1990s, and the Times calculated that the resulting deductions may have allowed him to pay no federal income taxes for 18 years. “It’s gnawing on Trump that he could become what he has contempt for, and that is a loser.” The Times, which obtained Trump’s 1995 tax records, reported that Trump may have taken advantage of special rules for real estate investors that legally allowed him to use his $916 million loss to offset $50 million a year in future taxable income for as many as 18 years. “We see Donald Trump is having to defend the fact that he may not have paid taxes for 20 years, which is something most Americans don’t have the option to do,” “Trump is a billion-dollar loser who won’t release his taxes because they’ll expose him as a spoiled, rich brat who lost the millions he inherited from his father,” Reid said. He went on to call Trump “a racist, incompetent failure who managed to lose a billion dollars in a boom year.” 

Trump’s tax plan — which would cut rates for high-income people like him and eliminate the “carried interest” loophole that benefits hedge fund managers, among other things — does not address the rule he may have taken advantage of. He and his campaign have not yet said whether Trump plans to eliminate or change it. Central to Trump’s candidacy has been the idea of him as a successful businessman. Political analysts said the revelation that he declared a nearly $1 billion loss when his real estate company almost collapsed threatens to undercut his credibility in business. “People can look at this little bit of evidence and now question his business acumen,” Elleithee said. Secondly, he said, it is an example of Trump benefitting personally from a system he has railed against. “You’ve got the middle-class people working longer hours for low wages — they pay their taxes, they support their schools, they support their infrastructure, they support the military,” Sanders said. He added, “Trump goes around and says: ‘Hey, I’m worth billions! I’m a successful businessman! And I don’t pay any taxes. But you — you make 15 bucks an hour — you pay the taxes, not me.’” “The looming threat of the tax returns issue has always been that Trump’s refusal to disclose makes it look like he has something to hide and that, ultimately, any disclosure could blow a hole in his appeal to the average taxpayer. Well, the threat has now become a reality. “We are going to make America wealthy again,” Trump said ESPECIALLY ME!!! as he wrapped up another speech.

Sean Sullivan and Robert Costa contributed to this report.

6 Bankruptcies
Tax evasion.  Living off the backs of the poor and middle-class.  Living off those who work hard in this Country and pay their fair share of taxes.  Pay your taxes, but I don’t have to.
Bilking small business owners and stiffing contractors by not paying them what he owed.
Hillary has decades’ worth of her taxes online and actually pays taxes.  Trump doesn’t have any of his taxes online and pays no taxes.  Hillary contributes to our Infrastructure, Trump does not.

RECENT POLL NUMBERS SAY THAT 73% OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT TO SEE TRUMPS TAXES.

79% OF TRUMP’S SUPPORTERS BELIEVE IT’S TRUMP’S CIVIC DUTY TO PAY TAXES.

6 OUT OF 10 BELIEVE TRUMP IS HIDING SOMETHING.

REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT TRUMP IS UNDER AUDIT, HE CAN STILL RELEASE HIS TAXES.

WHAT IS HE HIDING?  TRUMPS SURROGATES, SAY “WHO CARES”?  THE MAJORITY OF AMERICAN PEOPLE CARE!

FORBES:  DONALD TRUMP IS NOT WORTH 10 BILLION, AS HE CLAIMED.  ONLY 3.6 BILLION, MAYBE..?

TRUMP CLAIMS HE IS AN EXPERT ON TAXES.  HE HAS A TEAM OF TAX LAWYERS AND ACCOUNTANTS THAT HANDLE HIS TAXES.

#MafiaDon
#DonTheCon
#CrookedTrump
#TaxEvaderTrump
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#BadBusinessmanTrump
#ReleaseYourTaxReturnsNow

(COPY, SAVE, SHARE, REPOST)!!!

Vote blue across the board. We need a senate and congress that will get things done. We've had a long time with the proudly obstructionist congress.

Blah, blah, blah You bet your last dollar the Clintons use every tax exemption they can.

Since he admits not paying taxes, there is obviously something else in his tax returns he is concerned about.

I don't understand the non payment of taxes! How is that possible!

Billionaire Trump paid “Zero Federal Taxes” for 18 yrs. so that means hard Working Americans, and even Trump’s Zombies, paid Federal Taxes for the 18 yrs. that Con Man Don paid nothing. Trump’s shameless greed should make America think twice, before voting for the next President of the USA.

Donald J Trump rocked this debate. Let's face the facts people. Clearly Donald J Trump cleaned Hillary Clinton's clock in tonight's debate. Hillary Clinton represents the past and truly is what is wrong with this country and Washington DC . She is the embodiment of the political status that has taken place for way to long here in America . Donald J Trump truly is what America needs at this time in American history.

Monster Trump has the chutzpah by tweeting following the debate: "HURRY! We need your support TODAY. Donate big and let's Make America Great Again"! While he DIDN'T PAY HIS TAXES! I replied to his tweet and told him to pay himself for his campaign from the money he owe us by not paying taxes for two decades.

Hillary should invite all the small business people and Trump U people he's stiffed to the next debate –– probably not enough tickets

Trump played with fired and he burned... Just missing to see what will happen the next month.

So it is true and it took this debate for Trump to fess up. What else is Trump hiding in his tax returns that he will never show us?

And he did it in the present tense, meaning he is still doing it.

I hope everyone at the New York Times does not take any tax write-offs this year including you NYT. 

Then talk to me about "not paying taxes."

So Trump never helped pay for our invasion of Iraq? Our Interstate highway system? The FBI? The CIA? Nothing? None of it? How is that patriotic?

He can go to jail for it then he shouldn't be threatening Hillary she is a lawyer

But, didn't his son Eric say that his father has paid taxes ever year?

Q.Q. If he win the election, he will fix the IRS to No one like he, Do not pay taxes for 20 years? My guess: NOOOOOOOO!!!

What is justice dept waiting for? Or USA now is like a Banana country where money and corruption rule?

$916 million... and he's just 1 of many that believe this to be smart business. Supporting legislation that makes ripping off your own country legal?

He better hope that Hillary doesn't go on a TAX EVASION crusade when she becomes President...It sunk Al Capone a while ago

hmmm
Can I not pay Federal Taxes for years 
Guess I don't make enough for that loop hole

Way to support the troops. What is he whining about government for when he pays nothing. Free loading bum.

Warren, why don't you want tax evasion to be great again?

Well I'm guilty too of taking advantage of any tax breaks I can get.  I think it would be safe to say so is most of the country.

Oh my goodness he also said he pays hundreds of millions in taxes during that same time period of 90 minutes did you report that??? Huh huh huh!??????

If that document was not exposed he will deny & lie continuously.

Good for him, maybe we should fix the tax code now...

#feelthejohnson

He admitted to not paying taxes, yet trump still gets away with it, ridiculous. Trumps the one that should be facing jail time.

But how does one loose nearly a billion dollars, talking about following the money!!!  I need a bucket of that lost.

He is proposing tax reforms in real estate areas which help him... Hillary is proposing tax reforms that affect the rich including her!

If he claimed it as a loss, doesn't that mean he also paid taxes on the gain earlier? This is a non-issue.

I heard the debate and he said he used the legal tax code as anyone would

If you don't like it, press your Congressman or US Senator to change that. It's legal folks, like it or not.

You really have to ask yourself, if he's willing to offer all of this up freely, how bad must the rest of the stuff in his tax returns be?

Stop endorsing Trump by bringing up the few intelligent things he did as a businessman, NYT.

Meanwhile he wants to deport 11 million immigrants who DID pay their taxes...

Hillary has been in public service for over 30 years and has done noting to change the tax codes. She can't! Because all her wealthy donors take advantage of the codes.

He make is income taxe whit your democrats laws who protect only the richest. Not the poorest those are democrats laws that even Clinton's used

Seems like mere child's play when you comare it to his openly admitting to sexual assault.

He needs to pay up like the rest of us!! How  un-American is that!!!!!

It's not against the law to do that. Start ups incur big losses at the beginning.

Get to know Hillary https://www.2016truths.com/?utm_source=adwords&utm_medium=srch&utm_campaign=debate9.26.16&gclid=Cj0KEQjw1ee_BRD3hK6x993YzeoBEiQA5RH_BFOold0chqHdWdpleZnY7X1eZPTLtFf9fwAC0dfWZKsaAmxS8P8HAQ

Trump did NOT break the Law. Hillary and many others have also used this law to avoid taxes. What is the point? It's a none issue.

Do not confuse personal income taxes and business taxes. Learn before you chime in.

If it were illegal he would have been put in jail!  Good for him!

He followed the tax laws. Therefore, Trump did nothing  illegal.

He's a PIG; he's a bully; he's a rich spoiled brat.  America is suffering and in big trouble due to individuals think he's actually an acceptable candidate.

That's actually not illegal in the slightest. So why are we even talking about it. If it's legal why not.

So what,all business who have a loss do this to lower their taxes.. Warren Buffett,George Soros. Do this .it is not a new law or loophole.. Why is this non issue such an issue for any person with a brain

It's perfectly reasonable to offset a loss against tax - that it was a big loss makes no difference.

he didnt break any law. he did it under what is in the system. of all teh things I want to skewer him fro- this aint the thing

Don't care. Fix the tax code. I can choose not to vote for him from the thousands of other reasons you've written about...

Anyone who loses nearly a 1 Billion dollars in one year needs all the help he can get.

Trump promises to put Clinton into the jail but what he thinks about his own crimes? -- for example avoiding to pay taxes is also a crime.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

Used rules she kept in place and we would all do the same

Admitted to not paying taxes and then went on to blame Hilary Clinton for him not paying taxes.

No one cares all of Hillary s millionaire billionaire buddies have done exact same it s a dead issue

Any American who says that they do not use the tax code to pay the least amount of taxes legally required is a liar.

So he's a terrible businessman.. losing almost a billion dollars in a single year...

He used tax loopholes to not pay taxes like Hillary used law loopholes to defend a pedophile.

He looks like a broken man doesn't he?!!? :D LOL

Remember when the New York Times also used this same loophole not to pay taxes? I wonder why they aren't reporting it.

Uncle Billy wants you to know that your kids are NEXT!  He's creeping around Kids R Us scoping out your kids for his next horsey ride on Uncle Billy ranch!

Blame the people who wrote the tax code not the person who used it to his advantage.

The NYT didn't pay any tax in 2014!! Where the hell is your story about that?

Morons... this is totally legal and done by anyone and everyone in his position. Spare us the outrage.

It's not 'avoiding' anything if you're following the tax code-one that was in place when Hillary was a Senator and could've made legislation to change.

What about Hillary donating $1mil to her own foundation to avoid taxes???
#blindmice

Uhhh Hillary used the exact same tax loopholes as Trump. 
NYSlimes how do you call yourself journalists? I'm embarrassed FOR you. 🙄

Not just that, u missed his well made ☝️ please add depreciation deductions as well!!!

Clinton's donors use the same loopholes. And she, as a senator, is in charge of the tax laws. Lame journalism, NYT.

the only surprising thing is that he actually answered a question.

Hey he took advantage of a law that was passed by congress and the president was Clinton 
So stop crying about it New York Times 
Cus like trump said 
He took advantage of it and Hilary's donors too 
👏🏽👏🏽

You can really tell Martha thought trump is an idiot! The Donald definitely did a better job in this debate!! The orange man can easily be our next president ppl... hmmm... let the good times roll! 🎈

The IRS sets the rules, he plays the game..... how much do you over pay your taxes?

I think we need to help these women. Just think about carrying those scars throughout your life. I'm a male but dam it look at these women. It's just not right. 😥

Kellyanne and Trump supporters are going to stand by Donald Trump no matter what he does... The acceptance of sexual assault is now part of the Republican Party platform and Trump supporters have embraced this. To all my true republican friends it's time to break from your party and form a new party that reflects your true values because the Republican Party you knew is now gone and in the hands of a man who has destroyed it.

If you start your post with "let me get this straight"....you are already a brainless idiot in my eyes. That is all

Taxation is theft

https://youtu.be/yUHLTCuMF_k

Why should he pay to a corrupt government that wastes his money? U would do the same if I could.

Why the hell is this even a story? He didnt write the tax laws.

How do the Clintons, lifetime public servants, end up with a $300 million personal fortune??

Breaking Hillary exposed❌❌

Biased media doing anything they can to drag this crooked Hag Hillary across the Finish line! 

Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?!? 🇺🇸

He took advantage of the tax code just like anyone would. If you hire someone to do your taxes, or very familiar with the tax code, you do the same.

Well anyone who has a loss always gets a tax break even the lying NYT's

If it makes you feel better, all you hypocrites can send in a few thousand dollars more than is required by the IRS on April the 15th...🐂💩

The New York Times is a government sanctioned propaganda spewing corporate welfare taking corrupted organization. Has not told the truth about much since before 9/11/2001. Shameful. Never Hillary. Never Trump.

Yes he admitted it.  It is also a FACT, that he committed no c rime in using the tax code, the way he did.  I'm willing to bet the The New York Times has also used that section of the lax code, so , unless you think YOU have also done something illegal, you should probably drop the matter.

Learn the god damb tax LAWS!!! what Trump did was perfectly LEGAL!!!

He didn't write the tax code.... he just used them. Perfectly legal. Why is this still a problem with the democrats?? They would do the same thing in his position.

WAR STARTS WITH PROPAGANDA.

You are witnessing a huge propaganda machine that is leading us into WWIII. Trump said he wanted to end the endless cycle of wars. Before we went into Iraq General Wesley Clark was told we had plans to go to war with 7 countries including Iraq and Syria. Obama has a working relationship with the Muslim Brotherhood and  Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey. These are  Hillary's Clintons Foundations biggest funders including those who support the European Union inside the Ukraine. The Muslim Brotherhood had meetings with Obama in the Whitehouse and with the Muslim Brotherhood our government took down the Egyptian government replacing it with a Muslim Brotherhood government. The Arab Spring was an Obama Muslim Brotherhood construct to remove non fundamentalist rulers.

General William Boykin, Admiral Lyons, Frank Gaffney assistant director of defense under Reagan, Lt colonel Tony Shaffer, Pulitzer prize winner Seymour Hersh, CIA intelligence specialist Clair Lopez, Andrew McCarthy who prosecuted the blind sheik, all believe that at Benghazi we switched sides on the war on terror and the Muslim Brotherhood has infiltrated every level of our Government. When Lt colonel Tony Shaffer asked the Egyptian Minister of defence what CIA director John Brennan said when he asked him if America will help purge the rest of the Muslim Brotherhood from Egyptian government, the minister said John Brennan laughed in his face. The Egyptian people have distain for Obama, his half brother and Hillary, for working with the Muslim Brotherhood terrorists.

Benghazi was a gun running operation to run weapons from Qatar to Libya and Syria. Non sharia rulers. An operation that would use hard line salifists supported by Saudi Arabia to take down non fundamentalist Muslim rulers in Libya and Syria.  Follow the money from the Clinton Foundation in relationship to the regime changes around the world. Our government and the Clinton Foundation is in collusion for regime change and gun running which has killed tens of thousands maybe more. Hillary cannot be indicted because there is no rule of law right now and the Clinton Foundation can take down the government and start wars. Trump will take down the government that is why Republican establishment and Democrats and the media controlled through the CIA is doing everything they can to make sure he does not become president. He is up against the entire NWO and it will take a miracle for him to become president and do what he needs to do. The brain washing started back in the 60' s with literalism, secular humanism than political correctness to keep you blind. The ego is your worse enemy that is easily used against you with words like conspiracy theory...

Our government, after setting up a huge propaganda machine in which the media controlled by only 6 major groups, is complicit in the NWO objectives first brought out by George Bush senior and is  about to go to war with Russia. Obama is setting it up, if Hillary wins it is assured.

Our government never left the cold world mentality. Syria needs to be taken down in order to have a natural gas pipeline running through Syria under a government controlled by the World Bankers. Very few wars start without World Bank approval. Seymour Hersh believes the sarin gas attack on children in Syria was not done by Assad but part of the propaganda machine for us to go into Syria planned by the State Department, Qatar , Saudi Arabia and Turkey. Multiple sources have proved that the sarin did not even come from Assads supply our sanctions on Syria not known to the public are killing tens of thousands. Collateral damage is being exploded to make it look like Assad is killing his own people. Russia is supporting Christians We are supporting hard line salifists who are cutting their heads off. We are learning more and more through leaks and Judicial FOIA requests about how Obama after receiving intelligence reports about how Al Qaida in Iraq was going to develop, let it develop and supported it through agreements with secondary sources who funded and supplied it as it grew and developed into ISIS. General Flynn validated the FOIA releases proving that Obama's position against Syria led to the purposeful creation of ISIS built from Al Qaida in Iraq so that a force can be established to take down Assad.

Obama admitted to involvement in the Ukraine coup. Before the coup polls showed strong support for Russia and the president who supported Russia. Ambassador Nuland put in place by Hillary, McCain and NATO organized the coup on the Ukrainian president. McCain also illegally entered Syria through Turkey to organize the salifists in Syria.

The Ukrainian president was against the European trade agreements that will unite with TPP and was friendly with Russia so he needed to be removed. With every one if these regime changes comes untold death and destruction.

 NATO, Obama, and the world Bankers wanted offensive weapons against Russia on Ukrainian soil. Russia anticipated this and took the Crimea which is also strongly pro Russian. 

If Russia supports Syria and protects its security interests they are aggressors, when we do it we are defending freedom. A huge propaganda machine has been established to support the narrative. Almost all wars start with propaganda. If we go to war with Russia, our military will be used to support the goals of the NWO while Russia will be fighting against the NWO.

What is right is wrong what is up is down. All the world's a stage. Pray for the soul of America to wake up.

She will push to destroy the supreme court, increase the propaganda war against Russia to the point we go to WWIII On the wrong side of the battle. Increase immigration by a million Muslims in order to fulfill the Soros directive in order to cause insurrection and economic collapse. Response from citizens to fatwas called by the mosques to go to war will lead to fighting Islam door to door as Germans are coming close to doing. This will lead to implementation of the executive orders Obama has put in place for a federalized police state under United Nations control which is where Obama will probably go next. She will pass TPP which unites with the European trade agreements and agenda 21 and crisis response will lead to single payer under government control finishing up controlling all aspects of our lives. Civil war will lead to death beyond imagination, the Muslim Brotherhood controlled DHS has billions of rounds of ammunition. Patriots are already all over the Homeland security threat list. Most life needs resources will be controlled and used for control. The resistance will be overcome despotism will be the rule and despotism leads blind sheep to accept any shepherd.

but , is above acocrdin' to the LAW , or is it illegal ? NYT , above is pure hate speach . And Editorial Board , of NYT , because of what u did , you will all go to jail , for good .

that's how the system works..everywhere....he just took advantage of it...not the one to be blamed..

And there is the burden on the middle class.

Go Madam President Hillary Clinton! You are the one!

Donald Trump is a CON ARTIST 😡👎

He clearly doesn't care anymore.

Veteran's and small business owners for Trump
🗽😎😍💪🗽

And he wants to be The President! Joke of the day!

Donald Trump. The last honest man in America. Who knew.

Ok, his accountant used the tax code to achieve the huge write off, not him. He acknowledged that he used to reduce future taxes. He claims that he pays federal taxes but won't release his tax returns.  He just says "trust" me. He says he has no business ties to Russia, but there is ample documentation that he has in the past. He doesn't understand,  nor do his children,  what a blind trust is. Just "trust" them to do the right thing  I am so confused. ..... Did I mention I have a Masters degree in tax law? His tax returns could show us whether we can trust what he has been saying.

Selective reporting much?  Not one mention of the tax law that he LEGALLY used to his benefit or all of the millions in taxes that he did pay.  I don't know of anyone that pays more in taxes than they should, including all of the wealthy billionaires that donate to HRC.  Also, contrary to her claims, she did nothing while in office as Senator to repeal these loopholes.  Her friends and donors wouldn't allow it.  Fact checking showed she didn't even vote against them.  Maybe she was too busy at a $25,000/plate fundraiser.

The way in which Trump exploits the tax code is technically legal.  Unfortunately.  But it does not endear him to "real Americans" who work like a dog and can barely afford their monthly expenses.

Yes, so?

It's legal. That's the scandal.

Many people missing the point here!  A person cannot simultaneously lose 916 million dollars and HAVE the 916 million dollars.  If that was a false, manufactured "paper" loss, then Trump's tax dodge was NOT LEGAL.  But if it was a real loss, Trump is neither rich nor successful in business.  Either way, Trump's screwed, and that's why he continues to hide his tax records.

Doesntvpay taxes opposes his running mate in public wow

Look at the Media scramble. This is Hillaryous.

To all the deplorables, how do you like them apples?

...still waiting to see his tax returns

If you or me or John Q Public didn't pay our income taxes, the IRS would be all over us.  They should go get Trump.  He shouldn't get any special treatment.

Really...its legal!

Hillary lets all her rich friends do it too

What about all the people swindling welfare?

Just like the NYT this year.

...AND WHO should be in jail?????

Is the NYT in day as payment of taxes? o.O

nobody cares your irrelevant again oh and sorry about your candidate lol

He didn't pay taxes that he DIDN'T OWE.   Shocking.

Personal tax is separate from corporate tax.

Struggling... aren't we.... how come you aren't bankrupt????

He did say He pd FEDERAL TAXES!

Honesty is a breath of fresh air.

Congress fault!  I am small investor and carry my losses.

Freeloader! Shame on you!

Trump supporters: something, something, something... Benghazi!!!

smart. love you trump

Have patience. He will pay.

Bombshell....will be featured in ads very soon..

So not a billionaire!

Along with every other taxpayer who could do the same.

And we paid taxes, something is wrong!

I guess that would make him...honest.  WOW..!!

HILARY FOR PRISON NOW

His most honest and best answer all night.

no he didn't

A rich ,crook what a surprise

He went as low as a man can go last night

Meanwhile, regular poor folk have to pay their taxes.

Just like you did NYT

#noshit?

So, he was honest? How refreshing....

And your point is.....?

With the tax laws obama and Hillary voted in

Good for him

About time u cover stories on the Clinton's

Crooked Trump!!!!

Take Secret Service off this buffoon

Let me know when he breaks the law like Lois Lerner

Punish him

Pisses me off however, change the laws.

And the cult doesnt care

Trump will be a great President.

Clinton = House of Cards ... !!!

"I'm with HER-PES"- Bill Clinton

Hilary has done the same what's the big deal

Did he write the laws?

Same deal with Hillary, apparently its not a big deal.

That's not the story. The story is the fly on the lizard's face.

This may come as a shock, but that's not illegal

The New York Times didn't pay any taxes last year either ! !

Which is legal

How low can Bill and Hill go? ;) JGD. ----dr.

I don't get how this is supposed to be a scandal

Don't know but he won that one...No doubt about it!

No he didnt

Answered the questions.  He took a legal deduction that his accountants and CPA's brought to him.  He didn't create the law, nor did he break it.  Same deductions that the Clintons took, Soros took, Buffet took, etc.

This person is such a complete waste of skin.

Less government for freedom!

HE LOOKS LIKE A DUMP ON A LOG

Here we go again.  New York keeping the spotlight off of the corrupt Clintons.  Why don't you send your people back to journalism school.

Taxation is theft

LMAO NOTE THIS IS A LIBERAL ONLY POST!

Dame trabajo man!

Hillary 's much worse no matter how

Hey IRS.  Audit time

ppfft...yea....ok...

Trump for POTUS November 2016!

#ImVotingForJillBecause <3

Duh

do trump have hire mercenary to kill civilian people ??

What a fraud

wow

LEARN HOW TO USE A DEDUCTION AND USE THE TAX CODES TO YOUR ADVANTAGE; SORRY YOUR TOO STUPID TO KNOW THEM...MY BAD.

Way ey ma nu way ma nueymaway yaw ay way2 ol OL

How many try to do the same

I speak may way

Steven Hill smart guy

A person who do not pay your taxes are able to run for US president? Someone that stole from a nation and admit it in public is able to run free?  This is not a Federal crime in US? someone answer to me... Because i am really don't understand how the American justice works.

He was SniffleUpATrump ... probably doing coke and nobody can tell for sure at this point if he's even real.  :)

That's the way it works.  Its not fraudulent at all.  Now, let's take a look at how Bill and Hillary amassed $150+ Million.

And his supporters think that's just really, really cool.  Sad..

He followed the tax law, like anyone with half a brain would.  This just in; bringing this non-event
up over and over again is not shifting votes.

Legal and true.  Working man's or middle class man's champion he's not.

Republican motto:  I've got mine and screw everyone else...

And also a draft dodger don't forget.  I bet he takes social security and Medicare too.

We are not electing a saint. We are electing someone with the guts to take back this country. Over the last 30 years it has been overrun by globalist working with the world Bankers to destroy sovereign nations and borders. Hundreds of thousands have died. We are now on the Brink of World War 3 because of a propaganda war against Russia and Assad. Ukraine did not want to sign onto the European trade agreements, the result was a coup in which the globalist Obama led. There is only one chance to take back this country. You have been lied to on a massive scale. Man's worse enemy is his ego that will always be used against him. The media run by only 6 major groups is fully involved. They have lost all credibility removing the facade in their attempt to take down Trump who will expose the lies of regime changes around the world and the collusion with the Clinton Foundation regime change machine that is a giant octopus with tentacles through out the government Banking Industry, foreign hostile governments and media...yes conspiracy is real wake up! If you do not you will wake up without a Constitution. 

The media and Hillary dropped the Billy Bush video on Trump which they had prepared, in order to take the focus off the Wikileaks email release on Goldman Sachs speeches speeches that prove Hillary will pass TPP and so so much more.

I am not voting for Trump because he says stupid stuff or I have a false since of his life,  I am voting for Trump to save our Constitution.

"  Hillary Clinton Said Her Dream Is A Hemispheric Common Market, With Open Trade And Open Markets. *“My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” [05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau.doc, p. 28] *Hillary Clinton Said We Have To Have A Concerted Plan To Increase Trade; We Have To Resist Protectionism And Other Kinds Of Barriers To Trade. *“Secondly, I think we have to have a concerted plan to increase trade already under the current circumstances, you know, that Inter-American Development Bank figure is pretty surprising. There is so much more we can do, there is a lot of low hanging fruit but businesses on both sides have to make it a priority and it's not for governments to do but governments can either make it easy or make it hard and we have to resist, protectionism, other kinds of barriers to market access and to trade and I would like to see this get much more attention and be not just a policy for a year under president X or president Y but a consistent one.” [05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau.doc, p. 32]"

FOLLOW THE MONEY: THE TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP PAYOFF
“Hillary Clinton Only Believes In Protecting One Thing: Her Donors. Of The 262 Companies That Lobbied For The Passage Of TPP, 82 Or Nearly 1 In 3 Donated Between $21 And $67 Million To The Clinton Foundation. Nine Companies That Lobbied For The Passage Of TPP Paid Hillary Clinton $2.7 Million For Paid Speeches. Of The 12 Signatory Countries That Are Parties To TPP, 3 Gave Between $6 And $15 Million To The Clinton Foundation. At Least 4 Lobbyists Who Are Actively Lobbying For TPP Passage Have Raised More Than $800,000 For Her

TRUMP IS RECKLESSLY DANGEROUS TO THE UNITED STATES AND OUR NATIONAL SECURITY!
WE ARE CONCERNED ABOUT YOUR QUESTIONABLE BUSINESS DEALINGS OVERSEAS AND YOUR FINANCIAL TIES TO THE MOB AND OTHER COUNTRIES…POLITIFACT:  TRUMP DOES INDEED HAVE TIES TO THE MAFIA IN THE USA AND RUSSIA!

1.	Will you sever ties with your company linked to foreign leaders, questionable organizations, and criminals if you become president?

2.	How will you handle non-cancelable contractual obligations with parties whose interests conflict with those of the United States?

3.	While refusing to release your tax returns, how will you confirm that you do not have dangerous financial ties to bad actors abroad?

4.	If you were willing to work with Qaddafi—a known terrorist and dictator—is there anyone you aren't willing to make a deal with? Who?

5.	How can you be tough on Iran, given your business partnership with someone connected to Iranian money laundering? 

6.	Given that you've already questioned our commitments to NATO allies, what is your answer to this? For example, how would you handle the millions of dollars flowing into your organization from your Istanbul properties.

7.	To what extent would your foreign policy be dictated by potential financial benefits for your business partners? 

8.	Will you disclose the nature of your personal and business relationships with all of the Russian oligarchs you are “close” to?

9.	Have you or your campaign discussed U.S.-Russian relations with the Russian billionaires with whom you've done business?

10.	 How did the Russian mob boss who ran a criminal organization out of Trump Tower get a VIP pass to your Miss Universe pageant in Moscow?

11.	With business ties to politically-connected Indian developers, how can you conduct foreign policy that puts the U.S. above your profits?

12.	How can we be sure you'd be willing to be tough on any nation if necessary, if it would put your interests and profits at risk?

13.	How can we know you won't (again) impulsively damage relationships with crucial allies to preserve your own ego? 

14.	We know you engaged extensively in pay-to-play here at home. Have you bribed foreign officials or other parties abroad?

15.	To what extent are you and your family currently contractually tied to payments from foreign business partners, or governments?

16.	You've mentioned ~120 foreign deals, including in countries with national security implications. Where and with whom are you working?

17.	Will your children disclose all of the foreign trips and business deals they've undertaken during the campaign, and with whom they met?

18.	In sum, how will Trump guarantee that if forced to choose between America's security and his own bank account, he won't pick the latter?

19.	It's pretty clear: Trump's spent his life unscrupulously looking out for his own wallet above all. Why would that change as president?

20.	If elected, will Trump and his family sever ties to the Trump organization?

DONALD TRUMP HAS HUGE FINANCIAL TIES TO NUMEROUS FOREIGN COUNTRIES, TIED TO HIS BUSINESSES AROUND THE WORLD…..RUSSIA, CHINA, SAUDI ARABIA, IRAN AND THAT’S JUST FOR STARTERS….(IN A RECENT ARTICLE BY KURT EICHENWALD ON NEWSWEEK), HIS TIES TO THESE COUNTRIES WOULD BE A CONFLICT OF INTEREST WHEN IT COMES TO “NATIONAL SECURITY”!

PLEASE PLEASE PROVIDE US WITH YOUR TAXES MR. TRUMP AND A “REAL” MEDICAL RECORD!!!

#NoTaxesNoVote
#NeverTrumPutin
#NeverTrumpPence
#FollowTheMoney
#FollowThePaperwork

WHERE ARE YOUR TAXES TRUMP?  WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?

VOTE BLUE UP AND DOWN THE BALLOT!  AMERICA IS ALREADY GREAT!   #ClintonKaine2016
ANSWER THESE IMPORTANT QUESTIONS, MR. TRUMP!!!

...because he's smart.  hhhahahhahahaha!

CROOKED DONALD TRUMP AND THE TRUMP CRIME FAMILY Spent more than a quarter-million dollars from his charitable foundation to settle lawsuits that involved the billionaire’s for-profit businesses, according to interviews and a review of legal documents.

Those cases, which together used $258,000 from Trump’s charity, were among four newly documented expenditures in which Trump may have violated laws against “self-dealing” — which prohibit nonprofit leaders from using charity money to benefit themselves or their businesses.

In one case, from 2007, Trump’s Mar-a-Lago Club faced $120,000 in unpaid fines from the town of Palm Beach, Fla., resulting from a dispute over the size of a flagpole.

In a settlement, Palm Beach agreed to waive those fines — if Trump’s club made a $100,000 donation to a specific charity for veterans. Instead, Trump sent a check from the Donald J. Trump Foundation, a charity funded almost entirely by other people’s money, according to tax records.

In another case, court papers say one of Trump’s golf courses in New York agreed to settle a lawsuit by making a donation to the plaintiff’s chosen charity. A $158,000 donation was made by the Trump Foundation, according to tax records.

According to the report, Trump used Trump Foundation money, that would be money that was donated by other people to his charitable foundation to do charitable stuff, to pay for debts owed by Trump's personal businesses. 

This, however, is in keeping with Trump using Trump Foundation money for a political donation to Florida's Attorney General and to buy a portrait of him for his personal use. These all are covered by the IRS regulations prohibiting "self-dealing" by charitable organizations.

New Information:  Trump asks those who owe him money to send it to his Trump Charity to avoid paying taxes on it.

UPDATE: TRUMP DOES NOT HAVE THE PROPER CERTIFICATION TO SOLICIT OUTSIDE DONORS!  ANYTHING OVER $25,000 REQUIRES AN AUDIT ACCORDING TO THE NEW YORK AG.  UH OH…..

TRUMP PAID $8.2 Million to Family Members/Businesses.  MONEY CAME FROM THOSE WHO CONTRIBUTE TO HIS CAMPAIGN.  (DONORS) 

TRUMP PROFITED $1.8 Million from Taxpayer Funded Secret Service.

TRUMP GETS $2.3 MILLION FROM COMEDY CENTRAL WHICH WENT INTO HIS CHARITY TO AVOID TAXES.  

DONALD TRUMP DOES NOT PAY HIS FAIR SHARE OF TAXES, BUT EXPECTS EVERYONE ELSE TO PAY THEIRS…THE SELF-PROCLAIMED BILLIONAIRE RIPS OFF HIS DONORS AND THE AMERICA PEOPLE….

NEWSWEEK: TRUMP VIOLATES THE CUBAN EMBARGO AND LIES TO CUBAN-AMERICANS IN SOUTH FLORIDA.

TRUMP PAYS NO TAXES AND HASN’T FOR DECADES.  CHEATS THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!  TRUMP CLAIMS HE WANTS TO FIX THE SYSTEM THAT HE HAS FAILED TO CONTRIBUTE TO… ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS, THE POOR AND MIDDLE-CLASS HAVE PAID MORE IN TAXES, THAN TRUMP!!!

TRUMP HASN’T PAID TAXES IN DECADES, BUT HE’S NOT AFRAID OF TELLING YOU NOT TO PAY YOURS!!!

THE 3 PAGES OF THE LEAKED TAX RETURN, CONFIRM TRUMP IS A FAILURE AT BUSINESS.

APPLE DOESN’T FALL FAR FROM THE TREE ~ ERIC TRUMP FUNNELED $1 MILLION FROM THE ERIC TRUMP FOUNDATION, THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO GO TO ST. JUDES KIDS, TO BUILD A GOLF COURSE.

IVANKA TRUMP STEALS ANOTHER MANUFACTURERS SHOE DESIGN AND SELLS AT HER OWN…BUSTED!

TRUMP FOUNDATION SERVED WITH CEASE AND DESIST ORDER!!!

#NeverTrumPutin
#NeverTrumpPence
#TrumpFraud
#CrookedTrump
#TrumpSlushFund
#NoTaxesNoVote
#DonTheCon
#MafiaDon
#ReleaseYourTaxesNow

FOLLOW THE MONEY AND THE PAPERWORK ON TRUMP!!!
#FollowTheMoney #FollowThePaperwork 

(COPY, PASTE, REPOST)!!!

Meanwhile, at Republican National Headquarters in Washington D.C.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYN9v5nChXE

https://www.facebook.com/newtgingrich/videos/10154556135739197/

Yeck.  https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01LMBB64O/ref=sxts1?ie=UTF8&qid=1475969053&sr=1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65

For the tax year of 2014, The New York Times paid no taxes and got an income ta refund of 3.5 million even though they had a pre-tax profit of $29.9 million In 2014  In other words, their post tax profit was higher then their pre-tax profit. The effective tax rate for 2014 was favorably afected by approximately $21.1 milion
for the reversal of reserves for uncertain tax posistions due to the lapse of applicable statutes of limitations. If you dont think it took fancy accountants and tax lawyers to make that happen read it again

F him and all his anti-America sheep.

Imagine what he can do for America!