For those women alleging Bill Clinton's impropriety to oppose Hillary is one thing. For them to affirmatively support Trump, who just this last week admitted being a sexual abuser, is quite another.

This election has proven one thing to me beyond a shadow of a doubt. The human race will become extinct by its own doing. Whether that is in a few years or a hundred years is unknown but it will happen sooner not later because we are completely unable to handle emotionally the great technological power we have accumulated. Goodnight and good luck!

So he's defending his exploitation of women by exploiting women? What?

I want to hear CONCRETE plans about climate change, protecting our children from terrorism and domestic threats - including mass shootings in our schools movie theaters, malls, night clubs, etc., I want to hear about eliminating hunger, racism, rape culture and homeless in this country. I want to hear about infrastructure improvements, job growth, respect for women, equal rights for our LGBTQ citizens, affordable education and healthcare, support for our veterans and seniors, a heightened focus on the mental health crisis in this country, etc. This act by Mr. Trump is one of a petulant child. Bill is not running for office. Take issue with Hillary, and do it in a mature, well prepared approach. You are embarrassing yourself Donald.  

That said, I can not take this lightly, as I was a victim of sexual assault on the subway in Boston when I was too young to drive.  Victims of sexual assault need to have their stories heard. They need support, and they need it to stop. They do not need their experience turned into a political football like Trump did tonight. Who does he think he is? http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/flashback-donald-trump-called-bill-clintons-accusers-terrible/story?id=42686582&cid=abcn_fb

You could take a stand against rape culture and the objectifying of women.

Or do the 5 year old thing and scream "he did it first!"

Either way, I guess.

clearly he has no idea that Bill isn't running for president

Juanita Broadderick's sworn affidavit that NOTHING happened:  

I met President Clinton more than twenty years ago through family friends. Our introduction was not arranged or facilitated, in any way, by the Arkansas State Police. I have never been an Arkansas state employee or a federal employee. I have never discussed with Mr. Clinton the possibility of state or federal employment nor has he offered me any such position. I have had no further relations with him for the past (15) years.

During the 1992 Presidential campaign there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. Clinton had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the late seventies. Newspaper and tabloid reporters hounded me and my family, seeking corroboration of these tales. I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my family’s privacy be respected. These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me, or cause further disruption to my family.

Remember the divorce?  Remember mother Ivanna stating he raped her?  I believed her then, I believe it now.  He is a disgusting, demented, deranged, unsound, unqualified individual who shouldn't be in this race.  Condolliza Rice condemned him today.  Condi, where were you?  Why didn't you run?  This whole vile republican debacle is revolting.

Can Trump get anymore desperate? Bill Clinton is NOT running for president, nor could he if he wanted to. I wonder how much he paid these women anyway, considering there was a sworn deposition by one of them in 1999 that he never did anything to her.

TRUMP  TOTALLY outclassed- and rattled- Hillary--- She was lost at times  because he told the American people EXACTLY who- and what- she is.... BRAVO-Mr. Trump---BRAVO!!!!

Donald J. Trump has already lost, and the second debate hasn't even taken place yet. I feel sorry for the Republican Party. Trump has gone so low and missed the mark so wide that he has not even a shadow of credibility. They can now only watch him crash and burn. He has already begin his descent.

What do you expect from this looney, even the best psychiatrist will fail in straightening the garbage & skunk brain who'll never be happy without spewing venom.

Right, let's not forget the fourth woman, the girl Hillary Clinton, then twelve years old, tormented during a rape case to get her accuser off and then laughed about it later while discussing it in an interview.

Great! We've officially reached the Jerry Springer moment of the country. I'm gonna start drawing parallels to late 1st century Rome.

Trump never answered a question with sound and clear argument. He demonstrated again lack of control, he acted like an animal in a cage. And Hillary? She does not quits. Hillary 100%

Sophomoric! This imbecile has the emotional maturity of a 5 year old. His " he did it too" defense is pathetic! Such a loser.

That's what we want to see in our next president. A man that will go to any length to humiliate a woman whose husband was unfaithful. How many women will he bring to the G20. Great bargaining chip with foreign leaders. What chapter can I find this in The Art of the Deal.

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

Trump did win. Truth: while under subpoena Hillary did destroy evidence when deleting 33000 emails from her private illegal server.

And Hillary does belong in jail, but at this time is protected by Obama's doj, and the Media...even rino reps and senators.

Voting for someone above the law?

Shame on you.

The one who declares that he will impose sanctions and cut the relations with the murderous House of Saud will get my vote. Sadly USA presidents don't have this kind of authority ! Long live Democracy ;)

You get no play for that low down, nasty trick you pulled. You are nothing but an exploiter & manipulator. Not fit to be President! Disgusting man!

Just tweeted @realdonaldtrump "But the things that proceed out of the mouth come from the heart, and those defile the man." Matthew 15:18

That's only because if every woman Trump ever insulted were allowed to come to the debate they would have to get a much larger venue!

, Trump must be high on pills... all he's doing is rambling and using the same stupid words terrific disaster believe me honestly... what's with all the sniffling I think I'd rather to see his medical records over his tax records..

Hillary Clinton wants to heel-our-country...

(like a dog?)

Trump: 'this is like medieval-times'

Garafolo: no cutlery IN medieval times...not cutlery AT Medieval-Times

There-is-no-spoon?! ('The Matrix')

Kiss-without-consent equated with a form of rape? (maybe regulatory-capture overreach, in that, trying to drum-up-business (?))

Cooper's gay-blinders...as SO allergic to the THOUGHT of a woman being kissed?

William Shatner 'SNL' (to Cooper) have-you-ever-kissed-a-girl?!

(Copyleft Shaul Ben-Yimini October 9,s 2016)

Hillary Clinton...and Donald Trump...in a university setting...where she hopes to be able to say to him that I (she) will-Trump-U?!

Why is Alec Baldwin sparring with a Ghostbuster?

Is that ECTOplasm on her -- as she's an ectomorph Ghostbuster (than the Gilmore-Girl Ghostbuster as more an endomorph - with endoplasm on her?)

Recent new-old comments by Trump (Tel Aviv and Altneuland...oxymoronic...like a public and private position) seem a sideshow distraction, and here might be a gedanken experiment proof of as-much:

Can one imagine someone as sitting on the fence as to whether to support Trump or Clinton, hearing Trump's tape, and then concluding from THAT to support Trump?!

Well...no...not likely....

So why is it otherwise that one might think someone might be on the fence, hearing that, and from THAT deciding how to vote?!

RATHER...it seems the case that those against Trump are still against him, and those for him are still for him - it's irrelevant, in other words....

Meanwhile...one might think that McCain's disavowal proceeds from that McCain's just jealous?

McCain can't grab anything, like Bob Dole, whose arm is busted, he must just say easy-boy while watching Pepsi-Spears, instead.

For all the hits that Trump is taking...it's not like that Bob Dole fought and lost an arm to then watch Tammy Duckworth videos...though Hillary Clinton's special friend from the DNC felt more telethon recalling than 'Born On The Fourth Of July,' or with Christopher Reeve...there-is-no-spoon (Keanu Reeves) as might lift that sad-sack (Sad Keanu meme) into eating her cookie ('The Matrix' - stand-BACK...while-I-eat-a-potato-chip!! - 'The Other Side of the Mountain' (movie-of-the-week)) and feeling right-as-rain ('The Matrix' - 'Matrix' as an earlier Carrie-Anne Moss item - she from Canada, like Celine, as Hillary's former theme-maker...they ARE going to debate in Las Vegas...hmm...maybe more Jerry-Lewis-telethon-esque Hillary-munchkin-cameos...(than with Dorothy))...Mario Cuomo as talking about FDR leaving his wheelchair to lift the country from its knees....

(Copyleft Shaul Ben-Yimini October 9, 2016)

You don't have to choose between Bill's principal enabler and Trump. Vote Gary Johnson. 

BTW before you mention Aleppo read below. 
Hillary,"we were under sniper fire"

Hillary,"we left the Whitehouse dead broke"

Hillary,"I was instrumental in the Irish peace process"

Hillary,"A hateful video caused Benghazi"

Hillary replied “I don’t know” a whopping 327 TIMES during her e-mail investigation. After SMASHING 13 iPads and iPhones!

Hillary," We all knew he was guilty as hell *laughs*" -when talking about a child molester she defended and won for 

Hillary, “floozy,” “bimbo” and “stalker,”effort to cast doubt on the Bill's accusers. 

Wolff: “And Brexit? Your position?” Trump: “Huh?” 
Wolff: “Brexit.” 
Trump: “Hmm.” 
Wolff: “The Brits leaving the EU.” 

Trump,"I remember watching the firefighters on 7/11"

Trump,"I will defend article 11 of the constitution!"

Trump,"I don't know why there are 13 stripes on the flag"

Trump thought Quds=Kurds

Trump,"I don't think my daughter Ivanka would pose for playboy, although she does have a very nice figure, I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter perhaps I'd be dating her"

Trump about a married woman:"Yeah, that’s her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." 
"Grab ’em by the p***y. You can do anything."

It is time the man-baby was finally put to bed, so the adults can get back to work, keeping America great.

Looks like #DonTheCon actually killed Bill Clinton's chance of being elected president in November.

Well got to go football and baseball is more important then this. #TRUMPFORPRISON

He will scorch the earth and destroy the Republican Party. He will also likely lose by the largest margin in modern political history.

Trump is the lowest kind of human being anyone could possibly imagine! Wow, just when I thought he hit the rock bottom, he always finds a way to go straight down to hell! Disgusting!

Truly without class. Anyone who still supports him is tarred with the same foul brush.

That's right: turn the debate into a cheap reality show circus for your own benefit instead of facing the issues at hand.

Why would any woman appear with him?? He is a sick, pathetic human being.

Amazing - he still doesn't get it:  SHE is the candidate, not her husband!

As debater progress Trump is even warse than Hillary at the beginning.

He bad mouthed them in the past and said Bill Clinton was the victim, strange they would come!
$$$

Welcome to Keeping Up with The Kardashians...oops! Donald Trump.

Trump fails again.lol loser

So it's ok to use women who accused a man of sexual assault/rape to defend your own. These women were just violated again.  Seems legit.
#trumpisapieceofshit

And this is what we can expect in the behavior or the leader of the free world

The trumpests must be loving the new low, another one!

Why is he still sniffing? He can't blame it on his microphone this time.

A man who has 5 children from three different women. Really disgusting.

I swear I thought that said "Trump crapped a defiant weekend." 

-seems about accurate.

Hes' got the sniffles again?...........very distracting

And once again he is sniffing like crazy. What's with it. Cannot stay on target with answers.

Man, he really cares about these specific women that happen to be tangentially related to his opponent. What a sincere man.

https://www.google.com/amp/abcnews.go.com/amp/Politics/flashback-donald-trump-called-bill-clintons-accusers-terrible/story%3fid=42686582?client=safari

Does this guy ever answer a question? Does he even know what a answer is? Just shocking.

Some people might think those two r very interesting people.
Those two r the most boring people 
under the sun !

Funny how times change things. He used to think she was a "wonderful woman" who's been through so much! 
https://youtu.be/qmqp0r7oujg

Like always, No real discussion of climate change or money in politics(citizen united).

In democratic elections, ideas have consequences. Who’s still with Trump?

It just word folks it's just words..... Sorry Trump thats intent.... Intent

Wow..... hearing his voice is disturbing.. is this a debate. It is so embarrassing. To have him stand in for republicans. For this country. 😖

What a low class sleazy thing to do. Just smells of desperation.

Billions of dollars can't buy class or dignity. Dump deserves what's about to happen to him. His future is bleak.

there are new job perspectives for Trump, now:

Good God, he is doing that snorting thing again   ;)

And that is going to change what?  We can find Yvanna, the 13 year old he raped...

The camera crew... missed out on the large amount of flies gathering at the back of hillarys pantsuit wazup with that ?

anyone that win from trump and Clinton should be ready to serve america better, god bless america god bless us army

Trump came prepared this time...to debate Bill Clinton

i do not undestand all the money spend for a shield in east europe it is a financial scandal like the mercenary terrosisme pay be government the enemy of europe are in the west

He just acts like a really snotty 5 year old

Clinton already won the debate.

Shows what a "p5$$y" he is

The man has no decency

Typical of a reality tv drama star. Donald Trump is a 🐷🐷🐷

No thank you, this is a farce. #LetGaryDebate

Trump, leading and winning the race to the bottom.

He is the lowest of the low and so disgusting.

Bed time

Crass

Unalloyed slime.

#CrisisActors

signs of a desperate man are emerging....

Bill Clinton is NOT running for office!

Like Hillary cares. Wow he's desperate

Trumps ready to pull out the low blows

Donald Trump totally won the debate!  His Lincoln remarks and the jail remark were classic!  Huge win!  He was fighting three against one and kicked Hillary's butt!  Martha actually argued with him!!!!  Martha was not supposed to be debating Trump, Hillary was.  TRUMP HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!

http://nbcnews.to/1OUlc6Y

He's sniffing again

If T-rump goes any lower, he'll be subterranean.

If you want vote for Trump, you are voting for no morals no values for this country, we are already there with this generation with morality rate and sexuality, anything goes he is an example of this and so is his wife- trash.   He puts on a good face, but he is the devil in disguise.  The wool is pulled over
Your eyes!!! He is deceitful just like the devil!!!! What
Is wrong with these people!!! He talks out of his hat
Nonsense!!!! You are being deceived   
By the devil himself!!!!👹👹👹👹👹👺👺👺

Nasty.

What?!?!

A totally No Class move.

Like school in summertime - No Class!

Great first question. Great answer. I'm with her‼️

Trumps accusers would not fit in the studio.

Jeez, what a sleeze!

Sadly you are right!

He's trash💩💩

I'm ready for the fireworks

Pathetic.

Seemed the commentaters was a little bias. I know one of them was definitely against Trump.  He worked for the clinton foundation.  They both gave HILLIARtyle sleadway. And the audience members seemed to be hand picked and the furnished the questions. looked like they were reading fron the same

Tacky.

middle school pych-out tricks

Pure trash

TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT

childish and revengeful behavior - not what a grown MAN would do

Put the witch in jail...

He said he wasn't going to do this and now  LOL Liar

When they go low, we go high

man that's just desperate lol



It's the oldest trick in the book, DIVERSION!

Class act

TRUMP CRUSHED IT , exposes hillery lies and self enrichment !!!

His sniffling is distracting... well... he is distracting...

Sleaze.

... Imbecile ...

Sleazy DRUMP

Does he even understand he's not running against Bill  Clinton?  Am I the only one that thinks he is unable to fathom running against a woman so he's hyper-focused on her husband?  Not to mention he's the biggest philandering  hypocrite.  Ugh

Sniff, sniff, sniff!!

A chance to see who the real victims of a sexual predator are! Not the women Trump was talking about, the kind of women that chase celebrities and throw themselves at them and allow them to have their way with them in the hopes that they may become rich and famous also!  These women did not want Bill Clinton's advances and Hillary knew it and tried to shut them up by intimidation! That is the kind of woman Hillary is, that is what her "private" policies are!

Fat sleazebag.

Absurd

Low life thug, he is deplorable and irredeemable

Please get to the solutions for our country!!!

#trumphasalzheimers

Thats all he's got

Clinton = House of Cards ... !!!

TRUMP IS A CRAY CRAY MOTHER CLUCKER!!!



and those women are Still allowing a man to use them!

What a fiasco!!! Trump is desperate.  He has no plans for helping anyone.  Only truthful thing that he said tonigjt, "Hillary is a fighter"  ~ what's with that sniffling!?!!

What a chode.

He's sniffing again.

Why does she keep sitting down??? Tired???

Pig.

Whyyyyyyy?!?

Go

Donald Trump views these women as trailer trasher.  Who's kidding whom.

Sa Law :)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_wC9V0YNM8

I don't see Mrs. Trump being held responsible for her husband's actions and words.  Once again Hillary being held to a different standard.

I'm assuming that he was hoping to get Clinton off her game.  It didn't appear to work.

http://mashable.com/2016/10/10/donald-trump-called-clinton-victim-accusers/?utm_cid=mash-com-fb-main-link#qtGFd82zvjqS

http://conservativefiringline.com/flashback-hillary-clinton-volunteered-laughed-defending-kiddie-rapist/

https://www.facebook.com/trumpians/photos/a.1475028006155880.1073741828.1469899943335353/1712119705780041/?type=3

I thought Hillary wanted to talk about fat chicks at beauty contests 20 years ago.  You know she's a liberal Progressive now

Free shipping 
https://www.facebook.com/KanguroShop-832931630130862/