He always goes low. Speaking about Captain Humayan Khan, Trump said "If I was president at that time he would be alive today,” The casual cruelty of this statement is shocking. This is not the way you talk to or about people who have made the ultimate sacrifices for our country. It is one thing to talk about whether a war was justified, and another to simply erase the ultimate sacrifice of one man as a talking point. This is another in a long series of inexcusable, deplorable comments about veterans. He has denigrated POWS, Purple Heart recipients, and Gold Star families. Right and Left should be united on this. No one who disrespects vets who made the greatest sacrifices can be commander in chief of the armed forces of the United States of America.

If he calls her she one more time ... People this is the verbiage of a controlling psychopath who does not respect woman ... Her name is Hillary ... Or Madam secretary .. I am Canadian in Netherlands watching this debate as this bozo will bring shame to all of North America ...

This is the greatest Con Job of all time. He doesn't answer a single question because he doesn't have the skills, expertise or knowledge to do so. He simply attacks Clinton as a way of deflecting the attention away from himself - and that complete lack of knowledge.How the American Public could be accepting him as a serious Presidential Candidate is mind-boggling. My dog knows my about foreign policy than this guy.

Trumped proved a few things last night. 1- He appears to be using something (sniff sniff). 2- there is no limit to how low this man will go. 3- He is worst than a bully, he acted like a banana republic dictator. This man is dangerous.

Having the choice between a rude, sexist, and incalculable casino-entrepreneur and an out of touch career politician with a terrible judgment on foreign policy must be very disillusioning for proud Americans who see themselves as the center of our world, with the best educational institutions and an impeccable democratic system. 
The losers of this election are not Trump or Hillary, but the American people and (once again) the rest of the world.

As a victim, survivor and 34-year social change activist fighting to expose and end sexual exploitation and assault of all kinds, it's been a hellish few days having to listen to the voice of a candidate for the United States presidency denigrate and threaten women in sexually abusive terms, compounded by watching and hearing women compelled to defend them, and topped off by having to listen to the defense being built around a competition over who is worse in the exploitation of women - Bill Clinton or Donald Trump.  But the darkest, most disturbing moment of all was seeing sexual abuse survivors at the table with a sexual predator, as if he is their champion.  These are dark times indeed.

Are we a bunch of 12 years old now? "Trump was MEAN..I'm telling!" When did words become more hurtful than actions? Just remember we didn't become the greatest country in the world by acting like little cry babies all the time.

All America needs to be prepared for the meltdown when he loses; expecting attacks from him and his very gullible supporters. If we think he hates Hillary now, he's going to lose it when she wins.

Trump went low? And the entire focus was on trump and billy bush's private conversation, that's not low? That's all the moderators talked about. But he was low?

"Hold on you just let her have an extra 25 second's yet you cut me off, interesting." He forgets the extra minute he got when they said "make it quick." What a baby, he couldn't even sit down when Hilary was talking. So obnoxious.

Trump is a lecherous old pervert using his money to lure his victims with promises of stardom. ... always on the hunt ....who was caught on tape planning a sexual assault on yet another unsuspecting vulnerable young woman......while his trophy bride was home pregnant with his fifth child..... by his third wife...one of which said he raped her.

dt is looking so very worn and tired. His statements or utterings, if you will, are showing that he does not comprehend civility. This man will not magically become genteel and a nuanced person should he be elected; he will become more convinced he can run this country the way he has run his business with bullying, intimidation and fear mongering. I fear that our country has sunken to a low point in this election.

The saddest part of this entire debacle that is the race of 2016 is that no matter which candidate wins we have entered a time in which conspiracy theories, fringe rhetoric and lies are a part of our political center stage. The rest of the world is looking at us and asking, if this is the example we are to follow, why? I am saddened for our country.

Fell back on his tricks by exposing the corruption in our justice system? Nice spin. The more informed will not fall for it.

HRC is a very experienced person who was fully prepared for this kind of behavior.  He can hump a chair on public TV, then walk up behind her, barely staying short of glaringly obvious in his tactic, and she'd just ignore it. 

Because she's understands he would do *anything* he thought he could get away with.  No surprise or shock value in it anymore to throw her off.

Y'know, part of me wants Trump to show up at the final debate wearing a gold lame speedoover his Depends - a lucha libre mask and be introduced as "Naranja Gorda, the biggest A**hole in America."  At the very least, it would be a lot more classy and dignified than his last 2 appearances... Snnnnniiiiifffffff.

DEBATE 2

(Trump) “needed to rise above the small and petty and inspire America with grand ideas and aspirational goals and lift America’s spirits with lofty words and soaring rhetoric. He needed to convince America that he’s a decent human being; that he’s not a clear and present danger to humanity.

But his more-pressing short-term need was to reassure women that he’s not a disgusting chauvinistic pig; that he’s not a threat to females.

Reagan violated federal law and no one threatened to lock him up.

Clinton was impeached for lying to congress and no one threatened to lock him up.

Bush destroyed 55 million emails and no one threatened to lock him up.
In modern history, no president or presidential nominee has ever threatened on live national TV to have the nominee of the other party “locked up.”

Not until Trump did so tonight; not until, for the first time in history, a woman is a nominee.

And as if that wasn’t frightening enough, he menacingly loomed over her as he creepily stood behind her, punctuating his verbal threat with physically-threatening posture.

Sure, his threat stoked the excitement-level of his supporters and his didn’t-fall-on-his-face performance took the edge off their despair.

But energizing his base wasn’t what he needed to do – he has their unconditional support, regardless.

He needed to ADD to that support, because his base isn’t numerically sufficient to elect him.

And tonight, he added no one.

He thrilled no soul.

He warmed no heart.

His horror-film performance, towering his 6’ 2” macho frame threateningly over a female, only chilled spines.” - Craig Hardegree

🎤📣Well thanks DonaldTrump that's the one and only question you did get right tonight. HIllary is a fighter something you're Not. Hillary will fight for all Americans
#HillYesImWithHer

This is a stupid thing to be focusing on... she kept walking in front of his chair/table... what was he supposed to do... run away? More ignorance from MSM.

Far worse than all the rhetoric, the abusive behavior, and general distortion of facts, is the continued support for Russian policy in Syria. Forget his tactics, posturing and all that reality show extravaganza. The very real and present danger is the continued support for Putin and his policies in Syria. The very real imbalance is poses our NATO allies, and Baltic states. This is an individual who has publicly expressed support for the Syrian regime. Refuses to acknowledge the Russian involvement in the hacking attacks. The Clinton campaign should focus more on the very danger Trump's policies pose, forget the gutter stuff....His stance runs counter to American policy. This is Un American. Ultimately it's a betrayal of all that we stand for. One cannot but think of the ultimate sacrifice numbers of Americans paid, Americans in the intelligence community, whose service and sacrifice in the fight against Communism is silent. Our heroes we cannot acknowledge. This is plain and simply treasonous. Should roles be reversed, had Trump been a Russian National supporting American policy positions, he would no doubt have faced the same fate Putin opponents have. But this is America, he has the freedom and right to express his position. Let's just make sure we fully uncover the real Trump. Report on the real issues and leave all the gutter bits for gossip television and rags.

Was hoping he would redeem himself and not be a bully. But, alas. 😏 It's sad, because he did (in the very beginning) have a few good ideas, but his dislike for anyone who is not a white American is frightening. He's a reality tv star with a few businesses. That's about it. And please, no "But Clinton yadda yadda" responses. That's not what the article is about, and that's a whole other show.

Not as low as smearing women who one way or another crossed paths with her husband. Narcissistic bimbo? Defends a rapist by saying she had an obsession with older men. 
Your paper is a joke, that's why people don't believe you.

I'm old enough to remember when politics was serious business, not an entertainment. Who do we want across the table from Putin? A politician, or an entertainer?

Just imagine him doing this this to various world leaders, friends & foes, over petty slights or as a negotiating tactic. He's horrendous. He is the last person who should be president.

"The cache of emails includes campaign strategies aimed at keeping the public perception of Clinton favorable, focusing particularly on her transparency, especially in light of the FBI investigation into her use of a private email server. The strategies sometimes reveal the campaign presiding over stylistic points and emphasizing what is to be described as “on the record.”

Of particular note is one January 2015 document which includes references to Maggie Haberman. Formerly of Politico, Haberman now covers the presidential election for the New York Times. According to the leaked document, she’s a “friendly journalist” who has “never disappointed” in painting a positive picture of Clinton."

https://www.rt.com/usa/362249-clinton-leaks-press-elections/

One candidate is expected to shoulder an adult's burden while the other gets a cranky child's pass. All to the amusement of a number of people enraptured by their chance to finally celebrate their degenerate incivilities as a meaningful aspect of society. Their sparklers must fizzle out, and soon.

Heather Ramsey - I have a clear grip and Seems to me that Madam Secretary ( an elected office by the way ) ( that Donald has not even held one elected seat in any capacity frightens the world ) is referring to Donald as a pronoun as of half way to make a point

It depends on your perspective - "glowering, sniffing and prowling" if you support Clinton; "towering, commanding, dominant" if you support Trump. Both candidates were pretty woeful in truth and simply underlined the superiority of Jill Stein, Bernie Sanders or almost any other candidate by comparison with these 2 dysfunctional people..

Trump ... has not lied to the FBI, has not deleted government emails that were subpoened and subject to preservation orders, has not destroyed the lives of rape victims, has not had an illegal personal server crammed with secret government communications, has not been responsible for the murder of Americans overseas... sure, Hillary Clinton is a great candidate.

The worse part is Mr Pence is still standing and he he a pig that covers another even bigger pig. He is definitely the pussye dump was talking about in the video.

Trump simply got down with you- and stuffed your slime back down your throats. You are not used to Republicans slapping you back. He has you rattled- and looking stupid. It's why he will beat her badly on Nov. 8. America LOVES Trump for his defiance of you. He wins- YOU LOSE. Bravo Mr. Trump...

We really need a "None of the Above" option when all the candidates are this bad so we can get a new choice of candidates!!!, I swear a lot of people just aren't gping to vote for either of these two, I'm going to vote Democrat Down Ballot but I really can't vote for Hillary or Trump and I don't know enough about the 3rd party candidates to actually vote for one of them either.

I would argue that Mr. Trump did not learn his predatory tricks from pro wrestling and reality television. Those exemplars of cruelty and bullying are the creation of minds like his, not the other way around.

he is SCUM!!!!!!!, he does not look contrite, he only apologized because he was caught, and the Christians justify this by saying the believe in Grace, for the man who before that he believed he didnt need to pray because he never did anything wrong'

Well I think Hilary did end it on a low note when asked something about what you liked or admired about the other and she came up with his kids. 
Trump took the high road there and complimented her strength in not giving up.

Trump did very well on the debate! Hilary only take personal attacks on him and did not worked well! Because if personal attacks were to be focused on, what about Hilary's past and present issues? What about her 30 years in the political establishment doing nothing for the middle class? Americans are voting Trump not because of him but out of a "protest" against the same old political establishment that is not working!

I thought this, he was constantly standing behind her pulling faces. Didn't even have the guts to stand up next to her and face her, constantly lurking in the background where she cdnt see what he was doing.

This sniveling coward doesn't have the decency or knowledge to answer a direct question. He doesn't know how. He uses verbal "gifs" for lack of a better term to toss around or change the subject from any response. Hillary Clinton discusses policy from years of experience with and being part of said policies. It is insulting to American voters for this excuse  of a man to even be allowed to debate against another qualified candidate, such as HRC.  I am not shallow enough to say that she is the ultimate candidate because I believe in our system and how democracy works, but for the Republican Party to continue to allow this is inexcusable. It is unfair to our voters, our children that are seeing this man reduce women to nothing, insult other religions, and negate our Veterans. Please people.... do not allow this facade to represent the BEST nation in the world..... and Mr. Trump please go back to reality television, it's really all you can handle.

That's a funny!! How many people are dead, raped, or was Trump deemed"wreckless and careless" with national security.. The largest security breach in State Deptartment history and *Trump goes low*.. Your paper's  biased misrepresentation of Trump isn't journalism - Clinton hacks.

When Michelle Obama said, "When they go low, we go high", see what Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton really did. Donald J. Trump is coming to fix it.
Repost from:
发信人: canoneos (知秋一叶), 信区: USANews
标 题: When they go low, we go high
发信站: BBS 未名空间站 (Mon Oct 10 10:24:38 2016, 美东)
When they go low, we go high.
Higher goes your tax, health premium and our national debt.
Going so high we blame Abraham for all our lies.
When they go low, we go high.
Higher on those classified emails we bleached with chemical acid.
Going so high, we left our Libya ambassador to die.
When they go low, we go high.
Higher on those cracks you can legally buy.
Going so high, we open our border and Bill's pant flyer.
When they go low, we go high.
Higher on the "charity money" we got with foreign Gov. tie.
Going so high, we no longer see that pity mid class deplorable guy.

He was unnerving to me with his angry lurking, heavy breathing and sniffing. Who let this creepy coked up lunatic out of his cage? He was the embodiment of the GOP Frankenstein.

She got called out on defending her lying scumbag rapist husband and viciously going after the women who accused him. She got called out on wanting to bring in refugees from countries that treat women like slaves and also accepting money from those countries. She got called out on wanting to double down on Obamacare which is a complete disaster.

This debate is one to turn the sound down on and just watch the body language and eye expressions.....
And
Observe......
We had a devil on stage....
Guess which one he was...!!!!!!

Oh? well, If she can't play with the big boys, how could she ever handle tough foreign leaders? I thought she was supposed to be a fighter? Apparently, only when she has a lighted podium with a teleprompter in front of her, and a wired earpiece to get the answers, right?

Sure does sniff a lot ? Don't you think?....He's a Racist, a perfert, he is sick....keep him away from women and children and keep him out of the Whitehous!

"She would be in jail." Yeah and you can occupy the cell next to her, anyone who believes he's not cut corners over the year's are deluded.

Of course trump is a con artist. He knows all bad tricks and how to deceive people and he has no shame

Keep trying to spin what happened last night. Hillary was a low blow artist just the same as Trump . This election ... there is no high road unless you are voting Johnson.

And, did you catch how anything Hillary Clinton said, he dismissed as "words, just words," and his own bragging about how he goes about committing sexual assault as "just locker room talk," of a 59 year old, but these women's long discredited words, by their own words in affidavits, under oath, somehow have pecular gravitas and significance in supporting Trump's convoluted argument that whatever Bill Clinton's consensual infidelities allegedly took place a generation ago necessarily disqualify his wife of 41 years from seeking the Office for which she alone in this Presidential election is eminently qualified?

Write off the 40% hard core Trump supporters who would follow their fuehrer off a cliff. Concentrate on keeping her base of 45%+/- and convince at least 6% of the remaining voters that Trump is unfit to be president. All will be well on 8 November.

I watched with muting most of it, esp Trump...The questions were scandal rag equivalents from the moderators, and the moderators could not stop the bully from trying to dominate the school yard...Next one run by a Fox guy, more of T Rump repeating the far right's conspiracy theories....so I don't think I will watch it at all...

The sniffles may be proof of Howard Dean's allegation of cocaine use by Trump. Alternatively, it's proof that he has the serious health problems that he falsely alleged against Hillary.

And then Trump said....I will say this about Hillary: She doesn't quit. She doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She's a fighter.

it's lucky Anderson Cooper didn't ask Trump if he paid off the now 34 year old woman who sued Trump and Epstein for repeated raping her when she was 13 years old. Look up the suit. He is a rapist. And he assaulted his then wife Ivana also and paid her off for her silence. What say you?

His predator behavior in full view. Lurking behind a woman waiting for an opportunity to get a grab in.

Only if the GOP meets after the inauguration and sign a pledge to obstruct everything Hillary tries to do in her first term, will this become a debacle for all our country. This pity party from Trump's minions is not garnering too many RSVP's because there is not an audience who doesn't realize he has blown this out of the water.  

The GOP would be wise to remember what they did that night and the fall out that it engendered. Word to the unwise: Don't repeat the same mistake twice. It hasn't serve you well for 8 years.  

Word to the wise: don't.  

Want to lay bets if she wins the election and Congress stays in the majority of GOP, Gowdy will attempt to start an impeachment process on either Benghazi or emails? How much you want to lay down? Nothing like a death wish after you have lost everything. But in this, you are as Trump, you can't help yourselves.

“The argument that the two parties should represent opposed ideals and policies, one, perhaps, of the Right and the other of the Left, is a foolish idea acceptable only to doctrinaire and academic thinkers. Instead, the two parties should be almost identical, so that the American people can ‘throw the rascals out’ at any election without leading to any profound or extensive shifts in policy” (Georgetown University Professor Carroll Quigley, Tragedy and Hope, 1966.)

Wow nytimes you are so liberal and so mad Trump wiped the floor with Killary last night

Trump knows no other way but the low road. It's his natural level.

Trump is a pig. He would be a disgusting, racist, coward of a president.

Stalking and sniffing , he is a rabid stain on the once somewhat dignified GOP. How low can he go , shamefully ignorant Oye!

NY Times, CNN, YouGov, PolitiFact, & Time ALL gave it to :
Hillary Clinton✅✅

A CNN/ORC poll found that 57% of voters who watched the debate thought Clinton won, compared to 34% for Trump. A YouGov poll found a smaller margin for Clinton, 47% to 42%
#LETGOHILLARY
#CLINTONKAINE16 ✅🇺🇸✅🇺🇸

He is an idiot. He couldn't defend himself and once again started attacking Bill Clinton. Coward

He was following her around the room, like a junkie!!!!

Its all he has ie attacking his opponent personally or threatening them in absence of any credible policy announcements. Deniro had it right he needs a huge punch in the face for having the temerity to run for prez being such a lying sleazbag

Trump went low and Hillary went high. He is no match for Hillary!

I thought Hillary was going to snatch that fly right off her own face with her reptilian tongue. 😂

I must admit Trump tried about 2% to be presidential; and there's one question that not only did he respond to but also got it right- when he admitted that Hillary is strong and never quits. They say, "give the devil its due".

He's DISGUSTING & a playing sick power game with our freedom of democracy

Mr. Trump can't seem to figure out which Clinton he's running against.

Is it all about TRUMP new york times.at thesame thank you for making TRUMP the most acceptable presidential candidate so far.

If the Clintons were that despicable, I wonder why Trump invited them to his wedding.

Was there ever any doubt that he would, 'go low'?  That is who he is.

And this is where I finally and unapologetically unfollow the NYT from all social media. Thanks! It's been real.

He just cant go deaper then Clinton's can go low in life

NYTimes you have lost a large number of subscribers with your unfair coverage and blatant lying.

If you support Trump you're either a racist bigot yourself or you are UNIMAGINABLY ignorant.

Ya'll are ridiculous! How is it that he is prowling behind Hillary?  Give me a break NYT!

Breaking Hillary exposed❌❌

Biased media doing anything they can to drag this crooked Hag Hillary across the Finish line! 

Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?!? 🇺🇸

Sniffing again?????? What's that all about???Some "medication" to brace up for the challenge?

Lol defending a rapist and paedophile, equating gutter talk about women with horrific actions against women (by both Bill and Hillary) and you call yourselves going high? 

Yeah, you must be high because if you are what I think you are it represents something very dark and scary and I don't even want to go there right now.

Oh btw, don't forget to write about how Hillary's a champion of women's rights. Your readers will evidently swallow it wholesale.

http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/10/opinion/campaign-stops/trumps-second-debate-in-brief.html?smid=fb-nytimes&smtyp=cur&_r=0

Well 1 she should have stayed on her own side of the stage. 2 she got spanked last night.

NYTimes is more and more irrelevant and must resort to National Enquirer style journalism.

The pot calling the kettle is an appropriate answer to these remarks.

ATTENTION: GOP SENATORS WANT TRUMP to choose our next Supreme Court nominee. We can't let that happen. The following Senate Republicans are up for re-election in November. They should be voted out of office for their obstruction of government:

NH: Kelly Ayotte (R) vs. Maggie Hassan (D)***
MO: Roy Blunt (R) vs. Jason Kander (D)***
AR: John Boozman (R) vs. Conner Eldridge (D)
NC: Richard Burr (R) vs. Deborah Ross (D)***
IN: Dan Coats (R-retiring) vs. Evan Bayh(D)***
ID: Mike Crapo (R) vs. Jerry Sturgill (D)
IA: Chuck Grassley (R) vs. Patty Judge (D)
ND: John Hoeven (R) vs. Eliot Glassheim (D)
GA: Johnny Isakson (R) vs. Jim Barksdale (D)
WI: Ron Johnson (R) vs. Russ Feingold (D)***
OK: James Lankford (R) vs. Mike Workman (D)
UT: Mike Lee (R) vs. Misty Snow (D)
AZ: John McCain (R) vs. Ann Kirkpatrick(D)***
KS: Jerry Moran (R) vs. Patrick Wiesner (D)
AK: Lisa Murkowski (R) vs. Ray Metcalfe (D)
KY: Rand Paul (R) vs. Jim Gray (D)
OH: Rob Portman (R) vs. Ted Strickland (D)***
FL: Marco Rubio (R) vs. Patrick Murphy (D)***
SC: Tim Scott (R) vs. Thomas Dixon (D)
AL: Richard Shelby (R) vs. Ron Crumpton (D)
SD: John Thune (R) vs. Jay Williams (D)
PA: Pat Toomey (R) vs. Katie McGinty (D)***
LA: David Vitter (R-retiring) vs. ???

***tightest Senate races

Please support their Democratic opponents via their official websites, or visit the website for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee at "www.DSCC.org". Find out how you can make a contribution to help Democratic congressional candidates all over the country. There are 24 Republican Senate seats and all 435 House seats up for grabs on Election Day (November 8). 

Thank you. Please share this information with your friends and family. And please remember to VOTE! Let's take the Senate back from the obstructionists!!

#DoYourJob #WeNeedNine #NeverTrump
#RememberInNovember #VOTEthemOUT

Donald Trump et sa politique de merde. Pas qualifié pour être un président dune aussi grande nation. Le Canada tout entier en sera affecté et infecté par lui si cet individu devient président ! Propos mysogines et racistes . De simples excuses ne suffisent pas Mr. Trump. Depuis le début je ne vois que tromperie dans vos yeux .Retirez-vous de la politique et retournez à vos affaires mal gérées.

I suggested that he cut back on the blow  before this debate. Didn't happen.

I like her better, he's a bozo, but he kicked her butt, sorry.

He is a sniveling, sniffling rat caught in a trap, willing to chew his own foot off to get out.

I wouldn't actually point at cynicism, since both sides are equally full of it.

I was afraid he was going to hit her.   He looked that threatening and out of control.   He is nuts

My husband and I discussed his lurking after the debate.  Trump is Mr. Sleaze.

Trump invoked the memories of Generals Patton and MacArthur... In the same breath he threathened to jail his opponent 

Quite hypocrit of him!

Everyone went low af yesterday. Stop celebrating. We should all feel shame

A new low for our country. Donald Trump makes me embarrassed to be an American.

80% of this country stopped believing you last year NYT

I'm glad you all saw what I saw. Incredible. His base loved it.

Does he EVER aim for higher ground? It's not even in the realm of possibilities.

He's wondering why this isn't working with her, it did with the Republicans! She's titanium and he's, well, not.

I said the same thing, and wondered why no one called him out on it. 🤔

.
One thing about idiot the love themself.

Everybody see how confuse she was on that debate.

Idiot want to give her some point.

This horrible, bullying man exposed himself perfectly.

both acted like two school kids fighting over Attention, dump them both America

America has become a circus...hence all the clowns running amuck.

He doesn't exactly have an extensive repertoire of "strategies". He can't rise above his own personal limitations.

I think Bubba went lower- on Monica. In the Oval Office. With a cigar.

This is just so much political posturing to distract from her real issues of curruption and failed policies.

World US policy can not be entrusted to a political clown. Great risk.

Trump supporters: "Yeah, but Hillary," or, too put it another way, "Your candidate is even more evil than ours."

I guess if those "things" were not there they couldn't be brought up.

she is on his side of the stage. He never once went to her side. This is your focus?

The truth is not always pretty! Bill Clinton is a rapist! Period.

I guess on SNL we will see Alec Baldwin in a gorilla costume beating his chest and looping around "Hillary"

MTV should bring Celebrity Deathmatch with these two, whoever wins the match goes straigt to the White House

Will it be the final debate where Secretary Clinton says, "Mr. Trump, have you no sense of decency?"

After the 2nd debate I have concluded Trump is officially out of Cocaine!!!!🙃

It's like an echo chamber in here. For the sake of variety I'll just leave this here Trump/Pence 2016!!!

To funny, he was standing there already, Lying Hillary walk over in front of him... you are a fool to buy into this crap..

I am sick of hearing him say "no one respects women as much as I do". If that is true, what a sad state we are in.

People come on the luxury liner "Trump Ship" is sinking.. Save yourselves !! SOS !! SOS

He was like a caged, wounded animal..vicious, attacking everything and lying the whole time I counted 10 so far..

It's not cynicism, it's psychosis. And it's NOT a debate if one party is ranting for 90 minutes off topic.

The ugly donnie boy on parade, again. Cretin is too kind a description.

...Trump is really scary. Maybe he should move to Russia.

Like Hillary did .. she said she was going to go high ... but went low.

The man either needs a Claritan or rehab.

Ha ha... WWF trump stalking Secretary Clinton.. What a creepy bully

Sure, and your candidate still got four Americans killed due to her inept incompetence. Rather have the wrestler.

Ha ha ha... Cry your heart out NYT's... TRUMP WON THE DEBATE!!!

Trump is unfit for the presidency and he's unfit as a man

Philip, you nailed it right on the head. Is this the best the country could put forth? Sad!

He tried hard to intimidate her by lurking.

TRUMP = Wannabe Tin Pot Dictator  & LOSER~~~~~~ "Mark the moment. A major-party presidential nominee is officially promising to lock up his political opponent ~~~~ Mr. Trump does not understand the meaning of rule of law as opposed to arbitrary rule of autocrat — that he would use the levers of the federal government in a vindictive, self-serving and corrupt manner — Mr. Trump provided it."-Washington Post ~~~ SCARY

He is a disgusting, vulgar man. That he is a presidential candidate signals to me how disfunctional our government is . The empire is crumbling. The society is reflecting this disentegration. Probably the most disturbing behavior is that public figures would not exhibit integrity by denouncing this man publicly soon after his nomination. I am deeply saddened that character and integrity have been shoved to the way side.

Cynthia Wilson he for him and she for her you idiot! I would call her an it! she  lies cheat steals and kills!

....all he needed to do was make the pelvic thrusting move...This is not a candidate for president....

Trump...sniff sniff ..again ? Still the cold...or amphetamines and cocaine...that ranting paranoia was the rant of a Meth Addict.

Trump almost got her with the you'd be arrested comment but Hilary countered with sexual assault...l knew it was over when Trump went over and grabbed her crotch

Trump is going back to his gutter after the election.

Varoujan, Brett... he was jus cutting promos.

She got beat...so badly...but at least she has NYT to shill for her.

Hillary is a friend of Soros, a zionist. Be honest. You are the main sream media, lower one cannot go.

Hey Jackasses at the Times, look at the picture she crossed the stage and got in front of him. See his chair and podium. Sheesh!

Tricks .. Try he punked her out.. Poor woman didn;t know what to do...

HIds sniffling? He likely has an allergy. If "being an adult" means blatantly lying, then Hillary is an adult.

Yet he still has a chance of being president. its the only way you can change government and too many of you want 2007 money again and trump will be sure to give it to you. And at very least you have a quick non confidence vote and no trump and a republican government.

Not as low as Hillary and her Campaign have gone.. but keep trying NYT..how much is the Clinton campaign or Hillary's super pacs paying you these days?

I imagine the speech writer that penned the go high line has a really big head right now.

Oh, like clinton didn't start the mud slinging? Get over yourselves.

Schlwcht für Frau 'Dr. Merkels Bleichmittelpolitk'  euch zu Geld und Zeit zu Ketzen.......welche Hürde von Ihr beim Sport habt ihr beobachter...das Outlook und Organisationen Angeblich die Interpretation überall über. ...dauert haben. ...die sagt Auto fahren und ihr macht es?  Hammer und Jammer mi Outlook und Plem Plem positiv überrascht. ..im Anhang. ...

he hit the floor, next thing you know, Orangey got low, low,low,low, low, low,low...

"Every four years the naive half who vote are encouraged to believe that if we can elect a really nice man or woman President everything will be all right. But it won't be. Any individual who is able to raise $25 million to be considered presidential is not going to be much use to the people at large. He will represent oil, or aerospace, or banking, or whatever moneyed entities are paying for him. Certainly he will never represent the people of the country, and they know it. Hence, the sense of despair throughout the land as incomes fall, businesses fail and there is no redress." -Gore Vidal

WAR STARTS WITH PROPAGANDA.

You are witnessing a huge propaganda machine that is leading us into WWIII. Trump said he wanted to end the endless cycle of wars. Before we went into Iraq General Wesley Clark was told we had plans to go to war with 7 countries including Iraq and Syria. Obama has a working relationship with the Muslim Brotherhood and  Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey. These are  Hillary's Clintons Foundations biggest funders including those who support the European Union inside the Ukraine. The Muslim Brotherhood had meetings with Obama in the Whitehouse and with the Muslim Brotherhood our government took down the Egyptian government replacing it with a Muslim Brotherhood government. The Arab Spring was an Obama Muslim Brotherhood construct to remove non fundamentalist rulers.

General William Boykin, Admiral Lyons, Frank Gaffney assistant director of defense under Reagan, Lt colonel Tony Shaffer, Pulitzer prize winner Seymour Hersh, CIA intelligence specialist Clair Lopez, Andrew McCarthy who prosecuted the blind sheik, all believe that at Benghazi we switched sides on the war on terror and the Muslim Brotherhood has infiltrated every level of our Government. When Lt colonel Tony Shaffer asked the Egyptian Minister of defence what CIA director John Brennan said when he asked him if America will help purge the rest of the Muslim Brotherhood from Egyptian government, the minister said John Brennan laughed in his face. The Egyptian people have distain for Obama, his half brother and Hillary, for working with the Muslim Brotherhood terrorists.

Benghazi was a gun running operation to run weapons from Qatar to Libya and Syria. Non sharia rulers. An operation that would use hard line salifists supported by Saudi Arabia to take down non fundamentalist Muslim rulers in Libya and Syria.  Follow the money from the Clinton Foundation in relationship to the regime changes around the world. Our government and the Clinton Foundation is in collusion for regime change and gun running which has killed tens of thousands maybe more. Hillary cannot be indicted because there is no rule of law right now and the Clinton Foundation can take down the government and start wars. Trump will take down the government that is why Republican establishment and Democrats and the media controlled through the CIA is doing everything they can to make sure he does not become president. He is up against the entire NWO and it will take a miracle for him to become president and do what he needs to do. The brain washing started back in the 60' s with literalism, secular humanism than political correctness to keep you blind. The ego is your worse enemy that is easily used against you with words like conspiracy theory...

Our government, after setting up a huge propaganda machine in which the media controlled by only 6 major groups, is complicit in the NWO objectives first brought out by George Bush senior and is  about to go to war with Russia. Obama is setting it up, if Hillary wins it is assured.

Our government never left the cold world mentality. Syria needs to be taken down in order to have a natural gas pipeline running through Syria under a government controlled by the World Bankers. Very few wars start without World Bank approval. Seymour Hersh believes the sarin gas attack on children in Syria was not done by Assad but part of the propaganda machine for us to go into Syria planned by the State Department, Qatar , Saudi Arabia and Turkey. Multiple sources have proved that the sarin did not even come from Assads supply our sanctions on Syria not known to the public are killing tens of thousands. Collateral damage is being exploded to make it look like Assad is killing his own people. Russia is supporting Christians We are supporting hard line salifists who are cutting their heads off. We are learning more and more through leaks and Judicial FOIA requests about how Obama after receiving intelligence reports about how Al Qaida in Iraq was going to develop, let it develop and supported it through agreements with secondary sources who funded and supplied it as it grew and developed into ISIS. General Flynn validated the FOIA releases proving that Obama's position against Syria led to the purposeful creation of ISIS built from Al Qaida in Iraq so that a force can be established to take down Assad.

Obama admitted to involvement in the Ukraine coup. Before the coup polls showed strong support for Russia and the president who supported Russia. Ambassador Nuland put in place by Hillary, McCain and NATO organized the coup on the Ukrainian president. McCain also illegally entered Syria through Turkey to organize the salifists in Syria.

The Ukrainian president was against the European trade agreements that will unite with TPP and was friendly with Russia so he needed to be removed. With every one if these regime changes comes untold death and destruction.

 NATO, Obama, and the world Bankers wanted offensive weapons against Russia on Ukrainian soil. Russia anticipated this and took the Crimea which is also strongly pro Russian. 

If Russia supports Syria and protects its security interests they are aggressors, when we do it we are defending freedom. A huge propaganda machine has been established to support the narrative. Almost all wars start with propaganda. If we go to war with Russia, our military will be used to support the goals of the NWO while Russia will be fighting against the NWO.

What is right is wrong what is up is down. All the world's a stage. Pray for the soul of America to wake up.

She will push to destroy the supreme court, increase the propaganda war against Russia to the point we go to WWIII On the wrong side of the battle. Increase immigration by a million Muslims in order to fulfill the Soros directive in order to cause insurrection and economic collapse. Response from citizens to fatwas called by the mosques to go to war will lead to fighting Islam door to door as Germans are coming close to doing. This will lead to implementation of the executive orders Obama has put in place for a federalized police state under United Nations control which is where Obama will probably go next. She will pass TPP which unites with the European trade agreements and agenda 21 and crisis response will lead to single payer under government control finishing up controlling all aspects of our lives. Civil war will lead to death beyond imagination, the Muslim Brotherhood controlled DHS has billions of rounds of ammunition. Patriots are already all over the Homeland security threat list. Most life needs resources will be controlled and used for control. The resistance will be overcome despotism will be the rule and despotism leads blind sheep to accept any shepherd.

YES OBAMA AND HILLARY FOUNDED ISIS,  CREATED UNTOLD SUFFERING AND REGIME CHANGES ACROSS THE GLOBE THAT ARE LEADING US TO WWIII. 

1. Deciding to leave Iraq created a vacuum and instability in Iraq along with leaving an arsenal of heavy weaponry. ( The Koran calls Muslims who do not follow sharia law hypocrites who are to be killed and who will go to hell. Obama and Hillary with the Muslim Brotherhood (Who they had in the Whitehouse,)  regime changes in Egypt, Syria, and Libya, were attempted or carried out with hard line Salifists who formed the Arab Spring to take down non sharia governments. This created unrest across the entire middle east.

2. General Flynn former head of the Department of Intelligence Agency ( DIA) who was Obama's adviser on ISIS ( Who is on Trumps team and is advising Trump)  "accused the Obama regime of lying about the rise of ISIS and the assertion that they were somehow caught off guard. He says that far from being surprised by ISIS, the Obama regime allowed them to form in a deliberate act intended to unite Sunni Muslims against the Bashar al-Assad government in Syria."

3. Obama met with his advisor General Flynn,  "O" times. Yes Trump does know more about ISIS than the generals, accept FLYNN of course,  who is advising him.

4. Before ISIS was ISIS they were called AL QAEDA IN IRAQ OR IQA, judicial watch freedom of information act ( FOIA) requests, led to the release of documents showing Obama supporting IQA. "The memo directed to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton from operatives in theatre,  made clear that Al Qaeda in Iraq was speaking through Muhammad Al Adnani, who is now the senior spokesman for the Islamic State, also known as ISIS. Western and Gulf states were supporting the terrorist group to try to overthrow Syrian dictator Bashar al Assad, who was being propped up by the Russians, Iranians, and Chinese." These groups include Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey who will benefit through Muslim fundamentalist governments being installed in " hypocrite" led countries and will benefit in an underlying plan to have a natural gas pipe line running through the middle East that would cross through Syria. 

4. Even though the cold war is over with Russia, America never changed its anti Russian policy. Putin is protecting his interests in Syria and Ukraine as we would if we were in his position,  and is playing a geopolitical chess game with America to stop WWIII which Obama and Hillary's policies have put us on the brink of.  Obama and His Secretary of  State Nuland, after Hillary and Senator McCain, were involved in an uprising in the Ukraine that removed a Democratically elected government. This is against international law. Polls taken before the uprising showed strong support for Russia. Our government and NATO worked together to remove a pro Russian Ukrainian government so that we can position offensive weapons in the Ukraine against Russia. "US President Barack Obama’s recent interview with CNN’s Fareed Zakiria reveals the United States’ involvement in the Ukrainian crisis from its outset and that the country worked directly with Ukrainian right-wing fascist groups, experts told Sputnik.

On Sunday, in his interview with CNN, Obama admitted that the United States “had brokered a deal to transition power in Ukraine.”

“Obama’s statement is reiterating something that the world public opinion already knew — the US was involved in the coup of [ex-Ukrainian President] Viktor Yanukovych from the start."

5. General William Boykin, Admiral ( Ace Lyons) Lt. Colonel Tony Shaffer, EX CIA INTELLIGENCE OFFICER and instructor Clair Lopez, Assistant Director of Defense under Reagan and head of Center for Security Policy Frank Gaffney, DHS, Whistle Blower Philip Haney, Andrew McCarthy, Michelle Bachman and other representatives who have been vilified, all believe that at Benghazi we switched sides on the war on terror. Benghazi should be viewed as two different elements. First, a gun running operation through Qatar to Benghazi in order to arm hard line Salifists to take down the non sharia government of Libya then Syria. 2nd. A botched attempt to kidnap ambassador Steven' s and later to have him exchanged for the blind sheik ( as Admiral Lyons explained)

6. The Pulitzer prize winner Seymour Hersh believes that Hillary was involved in the Sarin gas attack on children in Syria. Shortly before this attack Obama met with his Generals and told them he wanted to go into Syria. The generals saw Obama as a fool and understood that this could escalate out of control. Russia' s presence in Syria is stopping it. "The great investigative journalist Seymour Hersh, in two previous articles in the London Review of Books ( Whose sarin) and ( The Red Line and the Rat Line) has reported that the Obama Administration falsely blamed the government of Syria’s Bashar al-Assad for the sarin gas attack that Obama was trying to use as an excuse to invade Syria; and Hersh pointed to a report from British intelligence saying that the sarin that was used didn’t come from Assad’s stockpiles. Hersh also said that a secret agreement in 2012 was reached between the Obama Administration and the leaders of Turkey, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar, to set up a sarin gas attack and blame it on Assad so that the US could invade and overthrow Assad."

7. Senator McCain worked hand in hand with Hillary to form the regime change army inside of Syria. ( The same McCain who attacked Michelle Bauchman who was a member of the intelligence board, when she proved Hillary's secretary Huma Abiden is a Muslim Brotherhood operative) "Several senior US and French officials, including US Senator John McCain, entered Syria illegally – without proper visas – on separate occasions, thus violating the country’s sovereignty, Syria said in a complaint submitted to the United Nations."

8. These meeting were part of the plan to take down Assad. Those who are government is working with are hard line Salifists who most likely gassed their own people in Syria who were not. Inside of Syria is a huge propaganda machine to bring America into the war. Hillary is planning on going into Syria. The Salifists in Syria and the Salifists of ISIS have the same goals. As Putin said, they are simply hired mercs. Many from Syria have joined the ISIS team. The Koran says that those who migrate for the cause of Allah will receive the same reward as the mujahedeen, the fighters. The goal is world wide sharia. The refugee situation has an underlying plan of world wide sharia.

You are witnessing an end game battle for the next step to the NWO. This election is a potential Brexit on steroids. The trade agreements of the past were created to degrade America, remove industry, break down infrastructure and increase poverty and welfare.  A psychological war has been going on to remove the concept American exceptionalism creating good little NWO robots. Muslim migration, racism, anti police officer...is used to create crisis to lead to crisis response. Obama taught Alinsky, Hillary was his pen pal. One of the Alinsky tactics is to explode the debt. Obama has doubled the debt, Hillary will end the economy. You cannot have a welfare state and open boarders, it is sure destruction.  In this NWO objective globalist establishment Republicans work with globalist establishment Democrats, bankers, media, multinational corporations.
 The concept of man made global change was created by Club of Rome to give power being agenda 21. There is no man made global change, there is our decreasing magnetic field that is changing the density of the magnetosphere, that is our shield from the sun. It is a natural cycle of our earth. Research earths decreasing magnetic field.

By 2030 TPP unites with the European trade agreements and agenda 21 forming  environmental hyper capitalist fascist United Nations controlled world trade and environmental courts that destroy the sovereignty of all participants and control every aspect of your life the largest control mechanisms being Food, Health, environmental regulations, education. 

The media is directed to achieve the objective. The institutions of learning have been brain washing machines to achieve the objective for generations. What is the real reason why so many are against school vouchers and charter schools and getting rid of the national education association?

The Koran calls Muslims who do not follow sharia law hypocrites who will go to hell. It says those who migrate for the cause of Allah will receive the same reward as the mujahedeen the fighters. It calls Allah the greatest of schemers. The scheme is world wide sharia.

The hypocrites are brave Muslim  souls who have love for fellow man and who do not follow sharia. The migration of Islam across civilized nations is being used to further break down society physically and psychologically. Along with increasing natural disasters and war against those who do not follow the plan for the NWO.

The Arab Spring was to remove non sharia governments. Egypt, Libya, Syria. To further radicalize the middle East and set up the war against Israel. The Pulitzer prize winner Seymour Hersh said he believes Hillary was involved in the gas attack in Syria blamed on Assad. Obama was involved in the uprising in the Ukraine and replacing a Democratically elected government. Putin who is against the NWO is protecting his interests and trying to stop WWIII . He is up against the NWO propaganda machine. You are being lied to on a massive scale. Do your own research, remove the political correct scales from your eyes which have been created to blind you to your own destruction.

 General William Boykin, Admiral Lyons, Lt. Colonel Tony Shaffer, EX CIA intelligence specialists Clair Lopez, Frank Gaffney assistant director of Defense under Reagan, DHS whistle blower Philip Haney, respected investigative journalist Andrew McCarthy, Michele Bachmann...say, the Muslim Brotherhood has infiltrated every level of our government. They say at Benghazi we switched sides on the war on terror. Andrew McCarthy says Hillary secretary Huma Abiden is Muslim Brotherhood. ISIS has been used for migration saturation Jihad. Hillary will finish off the Constitution. Obama will go to the United Nations. We will become a police state as crisis response in order to control the insurrection created by fomenting hate against police, racism, and sharia law Muslims. Most of this is being financed by George Soros one of the most evil men on earth. We will go to into WWIII on the wrong side of the war.

 They didn't count on Trump. He was a wrench in the spokes. Now they have to destroy him by any means.

Choose Trump or choose the NWO.

He's deranged

Trump was like a toddler throwing a tantrum!

He was stalking Hillary like a sexual predator. What a pervert.

Why do so many people intend to vote for him?

Stalker bully!

He is a national embarrassment

Can he get any lower?

God what a monstrosity this man is.

Mr. Trump is low.

He's the leader of the lows.

Trump stood back long enough to let her hang herself!

Dump is the epitome of repugnance

Cynism, you're right. This guy's ethics is gone.

#TrumpTheRacist
#TrumpTheRapist
#TrumpForPrison

Seriously, how low can NYT go! You lost!

N.Y. Times is butt hurting LOL

He won...  Get over it...

ONCE AGAIN THE ONLY ADULT ON THE STAGE

Trump truly is a vulgarian...

He "won" the show.. but either way we loss..

Next President Of The United States Of America Donald J. Trump

American politics has hit rock bottom.  Donald Trump is the result of the hate that was stoked by the media when Barack Obama was elected as the first black president of this country.  FOX, Limbaugh, Beck, tea party and a media that did not care enough to call out lies and defend the truth.

That case of the sniffles seems to be lingering.

At some points it looked like he was "debating" picking up the chair and hitting her with it.  The bar is so low for this man I was grateful he didn't ask his followers to take care of the problem. A teacher asks if it will be safe for her students to watch the debate and he answers by talking about ISIS cutting off heads?

he cant  go low..he has always been low...low class..low mentality..lower then the lowest......why should anyone be surprised at his lack of anything.....as they say everyone has class.....some have high class....some have low class and in his case....no class



And when he goes low we go high!!!! #iamwithher

That was soooooo creepy!

Who goes low is Hillary.



Hillary definitely took the high road, right everyone!

he dd wrestling for about 3 seconds...LMFAO

He wants to win, that's all.  Being president after victory, he couldn't care less.  Yes, he's not behaving like an adult, to say the less.  He's a to-be-hero of a video game he's inventing as the presidential race progresses.

The shilling is powerful today.

The scary part is stalking.

Ed McMann wanna be

When was it exactly that Clinton went high?

And bragged about it on that bus.

He's creepy

That was some really creepy sulky stage walking

Very low, vile

He won this debate, no question.

I thought she went low..

Trump supporters go low.....



Election Limbo. How low can you go?
Are we having fun yet?!

He sure is low!

I agree, and the constant pacing invading her space, standing behind her stocking her😳

he won. hillary has all the ammo in the world and blew it lol

Creepy

What is up with all that sniffing?

Once a POS always a POS.

May he always stand in Hillary's shadow!

Talking crap again NYT😂

Están en competencia con relación al cinismo.. jejjje

So suggesting that you change todays headline to "Donald Trump admits he followed the US' convoluted tax code for years" won't be taken seriously?  Wow - you are an entirely biased group of journalists.  And You've said not one thing today about the rape, sexual harassment and his protection.  Any feminists in the building over there?

don't like losing do you NYT?

Always a Predator, Never a President!

Lurking like a creep

Devastating win for Clinton

Low!!! But that's were he lives.

Admit that Hillary got off easy re.: classified emails. ;) JGD. ----dr.

One word....Creepy!

State will remain Islamic Trabkm in your streets Tzbgm Coming ....

Trump2016

I think they are both frightening ...

When they go low, we go high!

Poisonous snake slithering under the rug!

Hillary will win in November presidential election

Total nonsense from the bias NYT

His cynicism tells it like it is. That is why I like him.

So he paced ...

He's a crazy coked out clown.

Women never make lewd remarks about men's anatomy I guess?

Trump's a rapist

trump is finished

Quit crying Democrats, he crushed her last night.

And Hillary doesn't go low, give me a break!!

Snakes are low and he's a snake.

both are complete lying corrupt buffoons.

Psychopath

Hillary did the same in the first debate

But Hillary does not go high!

Hey don't bring wrestling into this

self obsessed moron

Perfect analysis

Hillary Clinton

He is a mad, bad misfit!

What's with all the sniffing?  Is he on cocaine?

I bet the fly got killed.

oh the NYT's leftist liberals proAbortionist have spoken.

He destroyed her.

https://youtu.be/CSbtf6f5ovA

He is low.

Why was he sniffing so much?

The truth hurts

She looked silly

GO Republican Power !

NO THAT U HILLARY!

Crap

Trump did what he was supposed to do.  Dems went low with the video and yet they expect him to lie down and concede.  Get a grip people.  Clintons are evil!

King Kong.  Period.

DO NOT be fooled, HILARY IS VERY well advised, is meticulous IN THE ART OF DECEPTION AND VERY AVIDA TO TREAT to hoodwink the people, discredits MORE THAN PROPOSES, AND BEHIND SHE IS THE HANDLER BILL, TRUMP IS SINCERE IN YOUR WAY TO BE, BUT THE 2 CANDIDATES ARE VERY POOR IN ETHICS AND PROPOSALS, A RECORD TO TRUMP ,,, HILARY IS MORE OF THE SAME

Aside from the sneering, scowling and stalking,  by standing behind Hillary,  it guaranteed that he would be in her tv shot.

Excuse  me .. I meant to say  we  lose..

This is the best headline you have? ? Low blows like Benghazi?  National Security failures? Theft from the White House?

Trump owned that debate. He simply went for the jugular telling Clinton what millions of Americans  want to tell Hillary themselves.

They both should have been told they had to sit when the other one was talking.  Trump was bullying with this behavior.

Did she appear to be afraid, or even fazed, by his stalking?  Not a whit!  Steady, measured, nerves of steel!

The sight of him lurking over her, apparently trying to intimidate her,  made my blood boil.

Was he a wrestler?  Now I get the pacing where they strut all manly like.  Testosterone coming out  of his eyes. Out if his wherever.

He was walking around her like a stalker!!!  What an idiot he is!  DUMP TRUMP!!!!  GO HILLARY!!!!

And we still don't know anything about his plans to better America, because all he cares about is "winning".  Truly sad.

Donald Trump is a PUERCO....  I bet world Wide laughing at us for Trump and Clinton turning American politics a circus..

Cynicism.  How about Hillary not answering the question of why she doesn't put any of her own wealth into her campaign?  Or being 'two-faced' regarding policy,  as a matter of right?

Does he even know how to answer a question?  It was comical.

Wow Hillary, what you did and said about the women your husband molested proves you don't care about women!

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=269661833397541&id=115489195481473

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154587953326171&id=686031170&ref=bookmarks

MR  Donald J. Trump KILLED IT...............PUT THAT CRIMINAL IN PRISON Hillary Clinton

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6I1-r1YgK9I

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHh73fkDUIs

https://www.facebook.com/LifeZette/videos/356164274715005/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=n8af771sl90

https://www.facebook.com/AJOGthegray/photos/a.547292685316797.1073741829.464420753603991/1049323898447004/?type=3&theater&viewas=100000686899395

No she walked in front of him.  Come on NYT.

PREMIUM PACKAGE:
+ LOGO
+ LEAFLET
+ BUSINESS CARD
+ WEB BANNER
+ FOLDER

$630 old price
$480 NEW PRICE! ($150 OFF)

*only 30 days

meanwhile,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxrwImCJCqk - hilary clinton, bereft of values and coherent american national border security safety, refuses to confront the man made artificial fabrication that the terminology allah is a man made creation that is not a wedding procession for females, but a death entourage in the islamic ideology, islam is a funeral procession, and hilary clinton is throwing american women under the kaaba, by endorsing that american females are not at war with islam the saudi ARABS regimes state MAN MADE concept riddled with plagerism that scales 1400 years of protraction, hilary clinton refuses to defend american females from this man made ideology, that is now courting america with the pretense that the muslim mathematics of sharia and koran purported by the NOTION OF pi=hajj the penetration of america's firewALL, HILARY CLINTON IS BURYING america, with the abhorrent slender-man, mohammed, ideology, islam is death of female freedom, did the statue of liberty not teach clinton anything or is the light oif the statue of liberty, americas trojan horse, clinton should defend american females from mecca/kaaba/hajj the maths coming out of clintons mouth are not that of a gift horse, but bezulbub بعل الذباب‎‎, mohammeds ilk,clinton is a uneducated maniac, Female genital mutilation - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Female_genital_mutilation
Female genital mutilation (FGM), also known as female genital cutting and female circumcision, ..... Those men who do manage to penetrate their wives do so often, or perhaps always, with the help of the "little knife. ..... FGM's origins in northeastern Africa are pre-Islamic, but the practice became associated with Islam ...
ISLAM AND FEMALE CIRCUMCISION U.S. Gov. Covers Up Islamic Female Genital Mutilation - Clarion Project
www.clarionproject.org/.../us-gov-covers-islamic-female-genital-mutilati...
by Meira Svirsky The barbaric practice of Female Genital Mutilation (FGM), ... Come closer so I can teach you: if you cut, do not overdo it, because it brings more ...hilary clinton, inteligence sucks, america under clinton is fast becoming the land of the stupid and the home of the america islamic female slaves, vote trump, SOS, SAVE AMERICAN FEMALES FROM HILARTY CLINTONS ENDORSEMENT OF THE ISLAMIC FUNERAL PROCESSION THAT THE muslim ideology carrys no water

Why were the loudest applause for him saying that she will be locked up?  #CheatingIsNOTWinning #ClintonFoundation #PayToPlay #JillB4Hill

Coming from newspaper that made murderous #FidelCastro's career: http://bit.ly/2dmCVTP  Nobody believes you. #MAGA

🍔 Bukan🌹 nyulap🐘 bukan👱 nyihir😚 Shery💾 Paul🌵 bisa💑 balik😵 status😄 org

.noitceS🍺 noinipO👷 semiT🐴 kroY💙 weN🌴 ehT🐷 ni😝 setirw📱 draoB🐮 lairotidE🙍 eht🐾 ,seog😿 msicinyc🍓 sih👷 peed👨 woh🌴 raelc👩 gnikam😲 ,noisivelet👩 ytilaer🌾 dna👷 gniltserw🌴 orp👩 ni😋 sraey🐥 sih😫 morf😚 denrael🐒 sah😲 eh🍁 skcirt☕ eht😁 no🐱 kcab👷 llef😷 pmurT🐘 .J😖 dlanoD

Taraa...🌴 Jago👴 kan💘 Shery📞 Paul

:* Jam nya pacaran nih The New York Times
:D Monday : 10 - October - 2016
:3 RobOt CReadet <3 -=[ Vivek BOt ]=- <3 The New York Times
-_- Robot telat kurang lebih 1 menit :D 7 detik :v 
♥ Robot like by Shery Paul
<3 <3 Bot Url → Viivek.tk <3