At least she's answering questions. He blames everything on ISIS and Bill Clinton and Obamacare. No specifics, no plans, no substance.

Key.. Hillary is Speaking to the People not yelling and Screaming at the People!! Observe!!

"put her in jail" is sounding a lot like "burn her at the stake". but maybe thats just me.

That sniffing is distracting me from all the nonsense he's spewing!

Threatening to put your political opponent in jail reeks of Fascism.

Sick, sick, sick of Trump. Why has America allowed this projecting narcissist to get this far? He's a discrace to America. When did this country sink so low?

He is throwing a tantrum now, waaaaa she got 25 seconds more then me, all the people coming here are ALL murderers !!! WHAT!

A country where the person who is in charge of the country puts his opponent in jail is a fascist state.

His underdeveloped vocabulary and nonsensical rambling along with quipped responses show lack of intelligence, character and experience.

This is such B.S! Same ridiculous non answers from this tangerine. No solutions or his plan of actions. Deflect, sniffle and name call.

Donald Trump is a fascist narcissist demagogue, leading a Republican party full of hatred, racist, homophic, sexist, idiotic bunch of bigots, take America back, back to the dark ages.

disgusting orange pig...incapable of answering a question...incapable of forming a complete, coherent sentence....dear god give him a tissue...

This man has no substance......Why did he ever get this far?

Trump doesn't like Obamacare now but in Trump v HEREIU case# 14-12103 he petitioned the court to allow him to give it to his employees. Another example of his do as I say now not as I have done. What a hypocrite!

Trump wants to be Dictator in Chief and he'd throw all his perceived enemies in jail.

Maybe if Hillary wins she should investigate Trump's business.

Her, all Mexicans, all Muslims, most blacks, and everyone who ever talked back at him would be in jail.

Dear NYT and all other media outlets: We're not listening to any of this ridiculous charade, and frankly you're not helping. Earning ratings by giving these awful candidates which you created a forum to grandstand does the cause of democracy a grave disservice.

He'd promise to abuse his authority to wrongfully jail his opponent.

Uhm, ruthless dictator much?

Trump is an absolute moron. He's doing terrible.

Know why he babbles bulls#%^t and screams like a belligerent idiot, must be the same thing causing his sniffles. Donny learn to "just say no to drugs"!

We've spent over thirty million investigating Hillary and she was found not guilty. Period.

Trump has no filter or brains! He's like a child having a tantrum!

I can't continue to hear him sniffling....answer the freaking question...ayee

Am I crazy. I think I'm going crazy. It just struck me. 48hrs ago a tape of Donald Trump saying the single most vile thing any presidential candidate has ever said publicly, something that would have normally been an automatic disqualifier and at this very moment we are asking ourselves who won the debate!

Is everyone forgetting how many lawsuits he has against him? Trump University, his Foundation, the rape of a 13 year old girl, just to start with. Why doesn't anyone remember these things when he says lock her up? He calls her everything he is actually guilty of. And everyone falls for it. Time and again. He's a bankrupt moneygrubbing sexual predator with gangster tendencies and associations. Why do you think he's attracted to the kind of people he has around him? Stop normalizing him and get smarter than him. Jesus! He has everyone duped!

So... Trump as president would make sure she'd be in jail? I'm Fairly sure that's up to the jury, lawyers, judge, the appeals process.... and that's all assuming you had something to build a case around (which he doesn't). Ergo, trump is a dictatorial ignoramus.

Get rid of this man!! He will damage the United States badly if he's elected. In fact he's already damaged it in many eyes. He's a ranting lunatic!

Dictators jail their opponents Presidents in our country don't.  Do some of you want a Putin to run our country? Of everything that has been said and done we should all be scared that Donald Trump is a Putin puppet and that Russia wants to take over our country. Putin even defended Trump to the UN. What the hell are we thinking.

"If I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. Because there have never been so many lies, so much deception. There's never been anything like it." – Donald J. Trump to Hillary Clinton

So she's saying, on film, that Donald Trump accusing her of deleting 33,000 emails is false. She should be in jail for that alone. What the hell America. You would have to be completely ignorant to vote for either of these idiots this November.

So disrespectful. Oh and you Mr Trump you know the one bribing state attorneys and missing a charity...shouldn't you be in jail? Jeez even the republican FBI director said that her case wasn't even close to a legal case

He would be in jail. He doesn't think Clinton should have defended himself against allegations so maybe his coming trial concerning a rape of an underage girl should require he doesn't defend himself.

Trump is unfit and he is a danger to our democracy. Only fools will vote for him. I have faith that their are more intelligent people in this country than fools. Vote Hillary!

Trump is like a trained chimp. Just says the same thing  over and over and doesn't answer the questions. Plus what's with all the snuffing?

Trump's statement is literally a threat to the fabric of American democracy.  It's unfathomably reckless and insane.  That is the sort of thing that happens under autocrats and dictators.

If anyone ever questions if you should apply for a job with no experience please do so if trump could make it this far anyone can!

Suggestion, Go see Hillary's America ! Explain a lot of their lies, stealing from the White House, bulling young woman that her husband Bill took advantage of..

The man who cheats people who work for him. And yes...Wouldn't it be so...I dunno...Putin of him, or Khomeini of him to be able to throw people in jail that he doesn't like.

Why would any woman even touch him? Makes my skin crawl .Trump is a lecherous old pervert using his money to lure his victims with promises of stardom. ... always on the hunt ....who was caught on tape planning a sexual assault on yet another unsuspecting vulnerable young woman......while his trophy bride was home pregnant with his fifth child..... by his third wife...one of which said he raped her.

Love the comments from the Hillary lovers so shallow . I can't remember the last time that I've seen a debate where a guilty person that Hillary is got prosecuted so perfectly

Trump's anger was palpable. He is frighteningly scary.  He simply babbled still with zero actual plans. However considering his demeanor he was unable to think correctly. That would be the President of the United States, pray for us.

Oh yeah...we definitely want him taking care of our Healthcare system.  A friend in Canada has to wait until March 2017 for gallbladder removal, but has so many attacks, they have to call an ambulance to go to the hospital all the time...and this has been going on for 6 months!

what horrifies me even more than this statement by trump is the number of audience members who cheered when he said it. this is how we become a dictatorship, with willing masses of authoritarian ignoramuses.

Yes, #Trump won! So so great #Trump - more brutal to #CrookedHillary than the previous debate n yet so cool! Love this direct hit at #CrookedHillary,  well done #Trump!

A debate between a politician (none of them are saints) and a narcisistic, wannabedictator, disrespectful, facist, crazy, dangerous psycopath, who shlould you vote for? 🤔

I wonder how many he should have gone to jail for all the small business people he jilted out of money. The pot calling the kettle black.

You don't go to jail when the FBI clears you of any remote wrongdoing. Trump obviously thinks he's Mussolini and Presidents can do anything they want. This would be amusing if it were said by a six year old.

So disrespectful to say that to another candidate! This is unheard of! No manners, no respect, bully...oh wait, we knew that already

Hillary, if our background checks for guns aren't good enough what makes you think your vetting process for these refugees is sufficient enough?

Trump hit a GRAND SLAM. That may go down as the BEST line in a Presidential debate EVER---because it has so much appeal to the people- and it is so just.

This fool doesn't have a modicum of intelligence and thinks that by throwing insults he can possibly deflect so that the American voters won't realise. Have more respect for THEIR intelligence bozo.

I can't wait for this election to be over and Hillary be our next president and bring decency and sense back to our lives.  This man is a bad example for everyone, I was embarrassed to have my sons next to me listening to this bully last night! What an embarrassment to GOP and can't wait his name to be erased from our everyday's lives.

This dictator-wannabe is an embarrassment to what we're supposed to stand for as a country. What makes us great? it isn't him.

Hillary is gonna Trump him... We then should build a Great Big Wall and feed him to the wolves across the border... This Clown spends too much time saying stupidities...

Wow. A zinger is all it takes for people to forgive everything else this man has done. Great stuff. Well done everyone. Good night, America.

Trump never answered a question with sound and clear argument. He demonstrated again lack of control, he acted like an animal in a cage. And Hillary? She does not quits. Hillary 100%

He has telegraphed what he'll do after election. That if he wins he will have Clinton be jailed. Trait of many of the dictators around the world.

The elections over ...so that's that.  Sure he threw out red meat to his base, and base he thinks are idiots "I could shoot someone and they would vote for me" ...but that's not the point. He did not expand his base and thus its ultimately a losing strategy. Besides the polls say he lost ...again.

Trump belongs in jail too. If Wesley Snipes has to pay taxes so should he. Are we ready for a clean slate or are we really gonna let these freaks do this?

Did you read the Clinton emails? One of these sociopaths already has been very close and made similar threats. You have to be crazy to support either.

Except she wouldn't be in jail. When you spend millions trying to get some sort of criminal charge and fail you really don't get to just jail them.

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

How his hands are little jiji
It would be awesome if Hillary would talk about how little his hands are just to piss him off. He would start talking non sense after that lol😂

Other countries put the loser of the elections in prison! Maybe he should go there! He thinks he knows more than a congressional hearing! Who the hell does he think he is?

Both of them should be in jail, and true qualified people should be presenting but that's too much to ask it seems. A qualified descent president...

Wiki leaks reminds me of the Shirley Sherrod former United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), effect.... Tell them to release the entire document!!!!

I feel so disgusted after this debate. This is not Russia or North Korea! Trump can't put his opposition party in jail like those countries would to their competitor! Wow, mind boggling! Trump is the lowest scumbag ever!

Trumpy and Clinton are truly some of the worst people to ever ever ever be. So sad they are our candidates for commander and chief

Horrific.  Our recent immigrants to the United States must be wondering what sort of mess they've committed themselves to. Let's hope Trump and his supporters slough off like dead skin.  Unpleasant analogy, but we as a nation are better than this guy.

He is about right about the inner cities! I don't see no hope for them if we don't start looking out for our brother's that's not making no money at all and can't afford to get to a job if they got one..I know this happens in White rulal areas

Trump:

China, who created ISIS to steal our jobs, will be completely surprised when they will see our big beautiful wall across our southern border and will be eternal losers. Nevada, China, Jobs, Mexico

He promised to prosecute her. That is awesomely huge. Finally. Someone wants to give us some justice against this evil and corrupt cartel. I'm Voting For Jill Stein on November 8, 2016 A women we can trust. She has not been treasonous.

Everyone will b in jail if Hilary wins because when she comes for our guns and she will and we don't give them up u will go to jail so get u some of that

I guess the coke and the sniffles were back in action last night!! His behavior came out very creepy and bully-type... This man is disgusting!

Meanwhile, Gary Johnson is trying to figure out how to inhabit other planets.

she'd be in jail, along with everyone who ever said anything mean about donald, anyone who ever exposed him for anything embarassing, anyone he didn't like particularly, and anyone who ran against him.

His aggressive verbal and bodily language is unsettling and frightening

Lolol.  She has more patience than I would have.  If it were me, I WOULD be in jail, after jumping across the stage and hammering his smug lying face in!

And the DEPLORABLES laugh at his stupidity.. nothing new.. that's why they are DEPLORABLES , worst trash our country has lingering from our worst days.

Hillary Clinton would try to CLAIM that they're not at-war with Islam, but, rather...it seems that they ARE at-war with Islam, but, that they don't want to be TAGGED for that, and would instead try to 'Bantustan' Islam into an antidisestablishmentarian mode conducive to the Neocon driven war.

The animus of that war against Islam seems to be a race-war -- hence, why racial-profiling surfaced with that war being heightened.

NOW Clinton and Trump would try to wedge Muslims and have some inform on others, having them racially-profile each other, furthering such racial-profiling for the apartheid Neocon aims.

(Trump doesn't seem to realize that 'Honest Abe' was a sarcastic sobriquet - Lincoln as MUCH like Clinton in terms of mendacity - Trump's statements are hardly mendacious as transparent hyperbole (in-general-terms) though THAT statement as didn't seem hyperbole as meant but that Trump BELIEVES that.)

Talk about defeating ISIS sounds like pledges as to invading Iraq (they'd-defeat-ISIS they'd claim...they'll-be-greeted-as-liberators they claimed) - ISIS seems like a predictable counterweight to the Neocons.

(Copyleft Shaul Ben-Yimini October 9, 2016)

Hillary Clinton wants to heel-our-country...

(like a dog?)

Trump: 'this is like medieval-times'

Garafolo: no cutlery IN medieval times...not cutlery AT Medieval-Times

There-is-no-spoon?! ('The Matrix')

Kiss-without-consent equated with a form of rape? (maybe regulatory-capture overreach, in that, trying to drum-up-business (?))

Cooper's gay-blinders...as SO allergic to the THOUGHT of a woman being kissed?

William Shatner 'SNL' (to Cooper) have-you-ever-kissed-a-girl?!

(Copyleft Shaul Ben-Yimini October 9,s 2016)

Hillary Clinton...and Donald Trump...in a university setting...where she hopes to be able to say to him that I (she) will-Trump-U?!

Why is Alec Baldwin sparring with a Ghostbuster?

Is that ECTOplasm on her -- as she's an ectomorph Ghostbuster (than the Gilmore-Girl Ghostbuster as more an endomorph - with endoplasm on her?)

Recent new-old comments by Trump (Tel Aviv and Altneuland...oxymoronic...like a public and private position) seem a sideshow distraction, and here might be a gedanken experiment proof of as-much:

Can one imagine someone as sitting on the fence as to whether to support Trump or Clinton, hearing Trump's tape, and then concluding from THAT to support Trump?!

Well...no...not likely....

So why is it otherwise that one might think someone might be on the fence, hearing that, and from THAT deciding how to vote?!

RATHER...it seems the case that those against Trump are still against him, and those for him are still for him - it's irrelevant, in other words....

Meanwhile...one might think that McCain's disavowal proceeds from that McCain's just jealous?

McCain can't grab anything, like Bob Dole, whose arm is busted, he must just say easy-boy while watching Pepsi-Spears, instead.

For all the hits that Trump is taking...it's not like that Bob Dole fought and lost an arm to then watch Tammy Duckworth videos...though Hillary Clinton's special friend from the DNC felt more telethon recalling than 'Born On The Fourth Of July,' or with Christopher Reeve...there-is-no-spoon (Keanu Reeves) as might lift that sad-sack (Sad Keanu meme) into eating her cookie ('The Matrix' - stand-BACK...while-I-eat-a-potato-chip!! - 'The Other Side of the Mountain' (movie-of-the-week)) and feeling right-as-rain ('The Matrix' - 'Matrix' as an earlier Carrie-Anne Moss item - she from Canada, like Celine, as Hillary's former theme-maker...they ARE going to debate in Las Vegas...hmm...maybe more Jerry-Lewis-telethon-esque Hillary-munchkin-cameos...(than with Dorothy))...Mario Cuomo as talking about FDR leaving his wheelchair to lift the country from its knees....

(Copyleft Shaul Ben-Yimini October 9, 2016)

Hillary is all about murder, extortion and rape.  1. Killing ambassadors.  2. How is she worth $200M again, what did she do to earn that again?  3.  Her husband is the OG of RAPE.

Am sure the comments will soon get nasty. So I just want to say something positive. I hope whomever reads this that you have a great week!

He's borderline imploding.

The cocaine is affecting Trump and he is sounding dumber than we thought he could.

Why does he get to stalk her on stage?  He should have to sit down until he speaks.

Wouldn't he be in jail too?

No way Trump can have more than 30% pf votes.... even McCain doesent support him anymore...

This debate is a total shitstorm.

She is one person......she is not a dictator.....does he even understand how government works???

DT would be in jail for sexual harrassment if Hillary becomes president.

It's unbelievable how many times he says "disaster ". SNL couldn't even make this sh*t up

Because the Donald has absolutely no idea how government works. It's not Donald world!

So..,now we have a candidate who promises to jail his opponent if he is elected.

That's all you've got? Isn't it time o put all the sexual innuendos aside and concentrate on the issues?

He has no basic understanding of how our country works or our Constitution.

Pence will jump off the ticket after Chump expressing disagreement with him . Mike run away !

Simon Le plus proche que j'ai jamais été d'être d'accord avec le Donald.

Sorry but he can tell u how he's going to fix anything . He can't answer any questions he says anything

He is like a child , he should start to study how pay the taxes in this country , he is a criminal

He's incoherent, clueless, and Sniffs way to much.

You don't support abortion. You like lower taxes. You are not a fan of Obama care. You believe in God. You support the pledge of allegiance. You support the national anthem. You support a strong military. You support energy independence. You support veterans. You support small government. You believe in the right to bare arms. You believe in freedom of speech. OMG ME TO! Get ready for it.... Then truthfully you should be voting republican. Learn what the party you believe in believes in before you start claiming democrat. Don't be an uninformed voter. Know your parties beliefs. Or hell just be an independent like my one sister. At least she knows the truth of all and chooses who she wants for that election. And double hell at least she is properly educated when it comes to voting. #clintonsucks.

Let him self destruct. Who's going to pay for your Isis plan, Herr Trump?

Obama should do the same with Trump. He's not up for re election :)

The sexual deviant Trump know more about attacks and tabloid than policy, the only True is that is not a politician is an imposter playing one in TV. I didn't learned anything new about his secret plans it still a mystery to me. His knowledge of foreign policy is very limited without a plan for Syria or ISIS but as he started" I know more than the Generals! If that satisfies his base, I wouldn't disagreed with the non-educated.

Trump is straight laying the truth on her and she don't like it

I think the amount of times Donald Trump referred to Hillary as "she" pretty much sums up how he feels about women...

Stupid, childish, orange blowhard. He thinks he's running for emperor.

I am sure that the fact checkers are really busy right now! Most. Every time his mouth opened it was not factual.

Someone should have asked him how a bill becomes a law. Doubt he knows.

Trump's idea of democracy, threatening to jail a political oponent who has never been charged with a crime.

Awright, again wit' da one-linuhs. Who we got ovah heah, Don Rickles?

Apparently, Trump will make being a real woman illegal.

At least he's finally admitting flat-out that he's a fascist.

Girl jail. With all your girlie things. Your email. Cats. Friends and girl things. Jail. Yeah. Girl jail.

I love how he tried to invoke Bernie's name in a desperate attempt to get his followers....lol

These two are horrible people. Reject them both.
#CharacterMatters
#LetGaryDebate

... and that's just a hint of what Trump's dictatorship will be like.

I'm pretty sure the president wouldn't be in charge of that.

Now it's Hillary's fault that Donald didn't pay taxes.....he never takes responsibility for anything he does.

OK, props to the D because that was a solid Steph Curry 3 pointer from the hash mark!

if only quick comebacks was what it took to run the country, we'd be all set.

Both candidates are terrible. Dislike them both. Both liars. Hilary just better at it. Our country is doomed either way.

He is so right. Cheryl mills received immunity then her laptop was destroyed the FBI did not go their jobs.

The Trumo contingent's cheers at this puerile and nasty line was deplorable

Unacceptable, Mr. Trump. You will not win just because of this statement. We are not your fiefdom.

Federal investigation is need on Trump sexually assaulting women on his plane and at his various properties

Creepy Trump should already be in jail for sexual assault, tax evasion, non payment of debts.....

Why does Donald sniff so much on every debate? 🤔

she's trying to keep a straight face, and not burst out laughing at him

Because that's what America needs, a candidate that throws his opponent in jail after he wins. #letsmakegermanygreatagain

I think Trump had too much sniff again. #Delusional

Frightening wannabe dictator. Can't even answer the questions with any sense or logical facts.

I'm so done with Trump....if he opens his mouth again I will hear Rick Astley singing instead.

Without charges, evidence or a trial? Last thing I want in a President is a misogynist set on personal revenge. What a nut

He is nasty 
 We all need to pray real hard before we cast our ballots.

You cut out the bit where the whole audience groaned at her...

Yes, let's start jailing those that don't agree with us, no matter how twisted we are

Top secret emails on a non-secure server and lied about it...is all you need.

What he just did there I've seen/heard on countries run by dictators.

He is so good at protecting onto others his own lack of integrity.

It's really getting fun to think #theybothsuck. That was a mic drop and no one can deny that. 😂😂

55 min was enough. Media wuld anyway talk mostly abou such nonsense.

Another good point by the Donal she's been there for 30 years and it's all screwed up... he's lowering our taxes...

He speaks and acts like a dictator, not a leader for the People.

Gee isn't that what dictators do with their opponents. Put them in jail

So if I don't pay my taxes I can go to jail. So he wants her on jail what about him?

She needed a comeback for that one. Too many idiots liked it.

Not jailing political opponents is what separates us from the animals.

They should have just let Huma moderate the debate... could they be more biased?

He is a bully, sexist, racist, mean, disrespectful, dangerous man!!! He scares me!

Gee, I think I heard that but I was totally occupied by Donald's mic because I think he was gonna hit her with that.

How did Hillary manage to keep her cool during this exchange? I would have wanted to say "are you threatening me?"

Does he even know what being president entails? This guy has ZERO experience in politics.

Aditya Shrotri This was actually a burn on Hillary, still the Donald is taking the heat for it. That shows how much he is hated

However [political parties] may now and then answer popular ends, they are likely in the course of time and things, to become potent engines, by which cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be enabled to subvert the power of the people and to usurp for themselves the reins of government, destroying afterwards the very engines which have lifted them to unjust dominion.

GEORGE WASHINGTON, Farewell Address, Sep. 17, 1796

Read more at http://www.notable-quotes.com/w/washington_george.html#PIJWgCq0jU8Qg60t.99

"What really boggles the mind is the acceptance of the Commission on Presidential Debates (CPD) as a nonpartisan benefit to democracy, instead of what it really is: a two-party duopoly using the media to consolidate their power."  . . .http://ivn.us/2016/09/23/third-parties-presidential-debates/

Why can't Trump answer any questions? He has no substance, no morals, no character, a TOTAL ZERO. Can he sit still for one second?

Neither one answers the actual question. DT says wacko things and HC makes promises

Wow! Donald J. Trump has completely imploded! This race is over, Madame
President.

He is a disgrace to our nation. Vote for HILLARY!!! She is a high class, educated, experienced and polished woman that will serve us proud. Trump is a very scary person . Shame on our country to allow him to get this far. Just a disgrace.

Can this gyu talk about what he gonna stop say she this she is that she she she sniff

Debating with Trump must feel like you're debating by yourself since there's never an answer on point ...or even close

that I am not sure but you would be for admitting sexual assault on tape.

http://www.newsweek.com/2016/09/23/george-w-bush-white-house-lost-22-million-emails-497373.html

If you want to talk emails.....

Thought I'd never write something like this, but as president, Trump would be worse than Nixon with his enemies list.

Regardless of the facts, that was such a smooth burn. I give him some points for that

Trump is a disaster. He has not answer any questions correctly and he has nothing to offer. Republican this is a shame

Putin's puppet, you are an embarrassment and a dangerous, deceitful self-centered arrogant.

Send someone to jail be because you're feeling ill-tempered that way?

Thanks, Stalin.

He is a bully! Not a good roll model for our Country. I admire how Hillary composes herself. His attitude is not what our Country needs!

How is what he said not true? FBI said it was but they are too scared to prosecute her lol....

Aw, cute little Donald. Didn't anybody tell him that's not how this works?

I'm watching 3 dingbats trying to debate trump at the same time and he's still spanking them all

This is killary getting her *ss served to her on a silver platter! Ha!

strange to me how, hearing when he's speaking his words and so called political understanding of anything international is NIL, and when he puts those out it sounds to me more like a high school student just learning about areas around the USA, and in fact he's never ever had that understanding at all in fact about only a number two or three major BANKING nations on this planet at all he would profit from. Not anyone really he would ever help nor care with any Asylum seeking policies nor Aid nor children in his nation suffering from AIDS, adults alike

when does the coke wear off and he ativan kicks in...trump thr dum[.

We are in big trouble...please, consider Dr. Jill Stein, if you are looking for respect and integrity.

Trump is a PIG.

The only DISASTER here is you - DONALD TRUMP- You think everything is a DISASTER- You are the DISASTER.

He's a MORON.

Only if the GOP meets after the inauguration and sign a pledge to obstruct everything Hillary tries to do in her first term, will this become a debacle for all our country. This pity party from Trump's minions is not garnering too many RSVP's because there is not an audience who doesn't realize he has blown this out of the water.  

The GOP would be wise to remember what they did that night and the fall out that it engendered. Word to the unwise: Don't repeat the same mistake twice. It hasn't serve you well for 8 years.  

Word to the wise: don't.  

Want to lay bets if she wins the election and Congress stays in the majority of GOP, Gowdy will attempt to start an impeachment process on either Benghazi or emails? How much you want to lay down? Nothing like a death wish after you have lost everything. But in this, you are as Trump, you can't help yourselves.

Best line of the night for Trump supporters is when Don the con said 
 "Hillary is a fighter she never gives up !

This shows, He has no respect for not one soul!!!! She was SOS, He's Nothing!!!!! He's Dirt under her feet!

He wears that big, long red tie as an arrow pointing to his crotch!

Put this lying crook in Jail and throw away the key....

lmaooooo "because youd be in jail" noooo Sumaita Hasan Brandon Jagdhar

That was a HARD slap during the debate. I couldn't believe it. Lol. Smh

Well, I loathe him, but he gets style points for that.

The people's reaction at the end is all you need to know.

I will vote to end the corruption in D.C. and no amount of colorful talk will change that

He means in jail for the mishandling of classified emails.

Like Trump or not...he scored a direct HIT with that comeback.

I'm still surprised by the way he answer the questions. It's not even worth to call "debate."

hillary has now confirmed authenticity of wikileaks: https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/927

hey check this out kinda interesting: http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/04/13/how-hillary-helped-ruin-haiti.html

He really needs a bigger vocabulary other than "disaster"

His childish behavior will be the end of him.

Trump seems to have that same 'defective mic' (sniffling) problem again J/S

JERRY! JERRY! JERRY!

Donald Trump one of the bait 100%

He's the one who will eventually be in jail.

WHY AREN'T WE TALKING ABOUT WHY DONALD TRUMP IS NOT IN JAIL?

In any country in world war criminal Hillary Clinton will be in jail.

Did he really just say that...?

lets go hillary, we are with you.

So true. Hillary should be in jail for what she did on purpose.

He's has lost, again.

Turn off his mic...

It's like a scene from a really bad reality show.

Can't wait till he is off the air...



We need two new candidates.

He's unfit to be President

He's so juvenile. Answer the questions Donald.

Observe Trump People!!!!!!!

Why he does not answer the dam questions

Seriously. Stop him

Dump Trump

Welcome to the tinhorn Republican Party.

He really needs a tissue.

BOOM! JAIL! BOOM! JAIL! BOOM! JAIL! BOOM! JAIL!

He's such a gigantic POS.

Will Romanelli lol ouch with that ending

Grace highlight

I'm not following what he was trying to say with that retort?  Because he just said that it's good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in America because they'd be in jail.  So he's saying he should be jailed?

Donald Trump totally won the debate!  His Lincoln remarks and the jail remark were classic!  Huge win!  He was fighting three against one and kicked Hillary's butt!  Martha actually argued with him!!!!  Martha was not supposed to be debating Trump, Hillary was.  TRUMP HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!

All of the media are responsible for Trump's advance to this point!  They have bent and stretched the rules for his benefit (yet nit picked Clinton!) and NOW look what is possibly going to end up as president!!! A big, arrogant, fat, classless lying chauvinist pig and his equally classless family!!!  Thanks from a non American who is very scared of a Trump win!!!

Trump is sniffing again.

Trump: Childish, rambling, repetitive, confused, liar and didn't answer one question.  We've seen his character for exactly what it is: despicable and arrogant.

My question is:  How much did the Trump campaign pay the Clinton accusers to show up to the debate? My guess, lots of money and/or they are preparing to release "tell all books". Those women have no shame backing  Donald " Little Hands" Trump, also a supposed rapist and abuser. His ex-wife even accused him of such acts in a sworn deposition. Ya, smart move. 0.o

He has sunk our nation's elections to a new low.

He's such an idiot...🐀🐖🐀🐖🐀🐖🐀

That was the stupidest thing!

Donald, you can't just imprison your opponents.

Just disgusting

The Great Dictator.

Yes, I believe he is just like Putin in that way.....

The audience is supposed to be quiet I thought...

Trump sounds like third world dictator.



That was perfect!
100 percent!

He's gonna suck all our enemies up with his nose

I truly think we are being punk'ed.

Sounds like mic trouble again for Trump. "Sniff"

That was something!!!

Snuffaluffagus got schlonged, again.

He was so mad the first half hour I thought he'd hit her.

WIth that comment, Trump proves he's a true Republican -- a Banana Republican

Where on earth was Anderson tonight??!!  He was a dope!

He is off his bloody trolley....

He's the one who should be in jail for fraud.

Haaa!!! His sniffing none stop his brain is cooked

#TRUMPTHECHOMO #TRUMPFORPRISON

He would be in jail for multiple sexual assaults.

Resorting to threats now. Pathetic- and horrifying

What is going on ? Why does he sniffles so much ?

Hillary has nerves of steel

He is a cheat and the thug omg he just stated how he created.

Vulgar man.

Trump never graduated kindergarten.

Yes, he proves again he is a big sniffling, uneducated baby.

Where he belongs!

The Framers must be rolling over in their graves.

Trump has a NERVOUS SNIFFLE.

he's right

This is huge. Threatening your opponent? This is not Turkey.

Fascist

So would he, for not paying taxes for so many years

Your supporters aside, the American people are not as stupid as you think Donald Trump!  You are a national embarrassment and the sheer size of your utter malignant buffoonery Will be your legacy Long after all your buildings have turned to dust!  The biggest joke of modern times!  There's something there to respect, The anal wart that ran for president once.  Congratulations to your grandchildren!

He is debating like a middle school boy.

He is seriously threatening my sanity!

He is worse than our Berlusconi...

Said like the two-bit dictator he is!

What the f he thinks he is ? A dictator?

Dump the Trash Trump

Line of the night. Game over.

they both should be in jail... we are doomed

The GOP has spent close to one BILLION dollars investigating the Clintons and have come up with nothing.  They created all this angst about Hillary with their smoke and mirrors trick pony show.  The only problem is they ended up with an A$$

He's obnoxious.

That pretty much sums it all up.

That was so gross

This is the muddiest election I can recall.

Brilliant donald brilliant!

Seems like he does more personal attacks on her than anything

TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT

Put the witch in jail...

petty a$$hole

Trump is unfit to be President!

Dangerous talk.

What a bully....

He clearly does not understand laws.  The GOP has already investigated and wasted tax payer monies.  Not enough to prosecute.  I will be happy when this is over and he go back to his den under the bridge for which his troll self emerged.

WWE THIS IS RAW!!!!

He is such an oxy- moron😜😜😜

Down with Trump👎

Spoken like a true maniacal dictator. #NeverTrump

Looks like we would be a dictatorship under Trump.

Trump won tonight.

Stick a fork in him... I think he's done!

#letgarydebate

At least they agreed on something.

#Trump

Master of the low blows.

He is so restless, and pacing. 
Just look at him.

Someone lock him up and save us all!

Jailing his opponents?  Who does that sound like?

Her face you can tell she's afraid to go jail 😂😂😂😂😂

trump go out . no one like you.

Killary For Prison 2016!!!

But assaulting women is A-OK. HE should be in jail.

Listening to Trump all I can think is Tuck Frump

Circus... Nothing else...

He's a joke

Are we a banana republic now?

Best comment ever!!!!

Lunatic

He should be in jail.

Aspiring dictator.

He should be ashamed.

i want kill him

He needs another line....somebody get him a straw

He threatened her.

You look like a child molesterer Justin.

Taxes... not this is an important issue...

what ha[[en t the Benghazi conversation???

Does he even understand he's not running against Bill  Clinton?  Am I the only one that thinks he is unable to fathom running against a woman so he's hyper-focused on her husband?  Not to mention he's the biggest philandering  hypocrite.  Ugh

HILLARY HITS THE CANVAS IN THE SECOND ROUND http://pickeringpost.com/story/-/6523

What an idiot

Yes! She should be  in jail.

Goodbye, due process!

Another softball question for Clinton...

Deplorable Trump!

You TRUMP should in jail!!

The best exchange by far last night.

Donald the savage lmao

Okay, that line was pretty funny.

LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP !!!!!

This is wild

Americans were more smart to vote!! Incredable choices

Alleppo?  Gary no clue.

Banana republic dictator talk.

She should be in jail

Again with the sniffing

Shouldn't he be in jail for tax fraud as well????

#trumpisachild

I can't wait for the next SNL cold opening

Dump trump

He's a class act.

Sniff!

Best quote of the night !

I never heard why!

He needs to be in jail.

😳 wow mother of god

Trifling Trump is very incoherent.

Best comment of the night

Sexual predator Trump should be jail

I love it!

He's even worse than Putin!

Savage!! GO TRUMP!

Trumps a joke

Put the silver spoon back in his mouth

I miss Bernie Sanders.

I am a Hillary Supporter but that was a good one Trump.

Fascist.

Dump Trump! He should be sent to jail for Fraud

Trump has the courage to tell the truth

He's cheap.

Never a truer statement.

Brainless Trump 😂👎

Ugh this Oompa Loompa sucks big time!

Your 25 seconds are up a -hole

PRESIDENT HILLARY CLINTON 2016!!!!

Trump needs to be arrested for sexual assault.

Clinton = House of Cards !!!

Claire McCaskill is right. Truman would say Trump is a bloviating pig🐖

Lol. Shouldn't they both be in jail?

Rim c pas un debat wallah

Straight savage

All I hear it's lies , lies lies ,.. HC

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Go HILLARY

Never ever Trump

Go HILLARY

HILLARY CLINTON 2016!!

Unbelievable-

For the briefest of moments I wondered if I was watching the presidential debate or Saturday Night Live.   Trump is such a strange character, like a cartoon villain.

Look at that scowl on his face..Mean and nasty

Lol. She lost this one.

#tangerinenightmare

Jina. Sniff.

Save trump from the dumber he's become

Quote of the night..

🙂*thug life*😎

He is jacked up...

Lewd and rude.

she's not a rip-off artist like you are, donald.

Dictators jail their political opponents.

Lock her up

hey donald take a deeper breath... snort!

Ugh. And people cheered that?!

THIS WHAT ADDICTION LOOKS LIKE PEOPLE!!!..

Now he's thinking like Putin.

What a pig

Hillary your five minutes is finally up!!

Thank you Chris Christie- not!

FATALITY !

Scary Dictator.

Children in New York are waking up in shelters

Lol what a pair...

The worst ever...

You sound like a dictator don...

Cmon...let's just make America Great again....

Weak

we'd all be in jail under this racist bigot

Thought last debate he said he wanted to make her Happy!   He knows he is reaching for straws.  He keeps snorting.  Maybe it is heart disease or lung cancer.

Unfit to be the republican nominee for president

Trump is the same as Bill Cosby!

IL DUCE IS BACK

Trump is dum

Most embarrassing debate ever

I think I would be too!

Dump the Trump.......

One word...Immature.

Trump's a disaster.

Cheap shot.

Killary for jail #2016

savage

Best line of the night and the most true!

#ImVotingForJillBecause <3

For .... What again?

Love you Hillary!

The Dictator.

Daaaaaaamn

Line of the night.

Prepotente este Trump

HC

Wow.

And that's Donald Trump's America in a nutshell.  Screw the law of the land, throw anyone into jail that you disagree with.

Tim roast

Georgia Oliveira parece discussão de criança

000

B

HOW MANY CRIMES DEATHS DOES IT TAKE FOR YOU? OVER 300 HAITIANS DEID LAST WEEK...THE CLINTONS STOLE 13-BILLION DOLLARS MENT FOR THE PEOPLE OF HAITI... LEFT IN TENTS 7 YEARS LATER...YOU SUPPORT THIS? BAD WORDS OR DEATH WHICH BOTHERS YOU?

you deserve either one or the other!

A dictator in Action
Stop Trump

he got her. .....

Rose Krepelka Best comment of the evening

Cool

This guy forgot to take his ADD meds ugh

👏👏👏👏👏👏

Patrick Dietschi Aleksandar Pavlovic donald provoca haha

Trump wants to be Dictator in Chief and he'd throw all his perceived enemies in jail.

Jai Alcorn that burn

Jonas E. Pedersen Johan Bennason Poulsen - Det må man give ham, den er lidt sjov!😉

Munazza Ahmed this is heating up

That's not the America we grew up in.

Michael Cheng dam

This guy haha Kwan Park Tom

Soria Toe-nee yesyesyes <3

lol Derek

Ben Atlas HEADSHOT

Aston Song #bongic

Rafhael Gonzaga

Arif Aulakh here here

Pedja Savic

Mariana Vilella

Rohit Xavier Chatterjee trump thug lyf

Sammi Wong

Isabel Plakas a savage

Marnie Bird end me

Bryan, Chris, Anthony, Megan

Ben Joseph savage

He is just pathetic!  All he does is accuse and blame. He can't even answer a question.

Начался 2 раунд в тел­едебатах  Клинтон и Т­рамп
ТВ СМИ разные рейтин­ги победы
Разнообразие взглядо­в
Дает линию поведения­ 
США на мировой арене­ земли
Спокойный,Уравновеше­ный,
Программатичный,С да­льним
Взгядом на жизнь кот­орый принесет пользу ­своей стране будет яв­ляться президентом СШ­А
Вперед к американско­й мечте!
Все разные все равны­е!

Hahaha Nic Sheridan

She was amazing, nerves of steel.  His body language was so threatening.

He is crude, rude and socially unacceptable.  He is clueless about reality.

trump has no substance, no knowledge.  and he will never win.

Patrycja Napiórkowska boom lol

Hillary is a Political robot.  Not a word that matters but, lots of lies and back-patting.. She is a disgrace.

Put her in the electric chair.  Trump is stomping Hillary in this debate!!

Robert Daniel lol

Maren SchneiderNatascha Jothinathan bruhhhh

We will never let this pervert off the hook.  He a threat to all women.

Hayley O'Brien lol

Because that's what tyrants and dictators do - jail their political opponents.  He's a toddler.

For the most part and to those Hillary supporters.  Beam me us Scotty.  No intelligent life here.

This is not worthy of the Times.  Are you reporting?  No.  Analyzing?  No.  Simply cherry picking tantalizing moments?  Yes.  Leave that to the Post.

@chChristie Jung

he's just ranting/babbling....  can we move on?

Donald Trumps sniffles and acts  like a coke head.

He's an idiot.  It's becoming more and more obviousm

Maximilien Tieff👀😱

Why does Trump use the word " Bigly"  ???

Olívia Mazzo Mariana Cunha Thales Silva Félix

TRUMP IS NO EXAMPLE FOR CHILDREN OR ADULTS!   NEVER TRUMP!

Why take things SO out of context!  Really?

Jason Hockings

Che Vergogna l'America non merita  questo

Trump trial date set for rape 13 year old girl Dec 2016 http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/federal-judge-orders-hearing-in-donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-case/

Jesse Cyr

You've Been Trumped Too

https://youtu.be/OAcOVJD_b4Y             Hello Injustice system at work for Killery

Samantha Stichberry

Zeerak Ahmad Hussain Suhail

Bárbara Pianca

Hillary SUCKS terribly  !!! She seems not hungry for the job. She cannot attack Trump. She fails again and again to take Trump & his serial lying, racism, sexism  head on.She cannot defend the email, despite there is no violation & let Trump's accusation appear standing. She basically sucks as debater or as a campaigner. It seems she takes it for granted that she would be the automatic president. Her campaign does not have any central message. No one can say why one should be voting Hillary.

Elivan Aleixo

Astrid Yanick Cantoral

Mauricio Garret de Melo

Alexis Boyd

Jimmy Cameron

Emily Sluys Zachary Colquhoun

Jorden Roesch

Antonio Alvarez Cruz

Jared Stevens

William Fastje

Vicente Orts

Emir Mravovic

Jae Yeon Lee

Paul Cérat

Ahmed Eldahan Rafay Ali Ali Hadi

Jules Schoonberg Bastien Bourreau

Vincent Bilodeau

Michel O'Hearn

Emrick Couture-Picard

Jace Excell

Pedram Soltani

Rob Mar

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6I1-r1YgK9I

Daniel Kratkovski

Wyatt Anderson

Haidar Hendal

Alejandro Camargo

Mary Diaz

Bailey Broadbent

Emily Clare Thiele

http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/ben-stein-time-for-trump-to-go/?ftag=CNM-00-10aab4i

Natasha WR

Francisco Gnecco

Matthew

Sausen

RE ZA

https://www.facebook.com/Guretsugu/posts/10209469366024005

Marcantonio Finocchiaro Fabrizio Scordo

Daniel Nigbur

Hanxi Shi

Adrien Neveu

Adam Zak

Nicolas Vasco

M.A.D.D. NEW FUND RAISER... SIMPLY AWESOME!!!

IT'S A NEW SUPER "PUBLIC SAFETY-LOCK" FOR ALL THE DOORS OF YOUR HOME... ITS GREAT! THE LOCK HAS SEVERAL LIFE SAVING FEATURES.

SO BEFORE YOU LEAVE YOUR HOME YOU NEED TO DO THE FOLLOWING;

1) take Eyeball Scan
2) take a urine test 
3) take a blood test
4) take a math quiz
5) take a physiological quiz

if you fail any one of these scans or tests quizzes, you stay home...and you're safe and so is everyone else.

The Blood test and Urine test if showing illegal Drugs in your system WILL BE FILED WITH LOCAL POLICE AND YOU WILL BE PROSECUTED.

Note: As Of Today Poppy-Seed Bagels Are Illegal In The United States, And The USA Government Is Now Pressuring All Nations To Follow Suit Or Be Destroyed.

You Are With Us Or You Are Against Us...   COPY WRITE CMS 2016

Lukas Normell

India Lee

God bless USA