Other Asian Americans shared their own experiences with Michael Luo. He collected some of their responses here:  https://storify.com/michaelluo/go-back-to-china

This has also happened to me on the UES outside my own apartment building.  A woman walked right up to me and told me to go back to my own country - a country I've lived in my entire life.  I couldn't even believe it and for people who say "they're just words" guess what words hurt and I went home and cried that day even though I didn't deserve to feel sad for being American.

I worked for a man who was a world-renowned scientist.  He was a Japanese-American, born in LA, went to UCLA, had a Ph.D.  He said he had been met with surprise on several occasions over the course of his career from people who told him his English was quite good.  He would tell them he was born and brought up in LA.  His family had probably been in the US longer than mine - I'm second generation on both sides, but my grandparents were from Germany and Sweden so I look like everyone else.  It's just so wrong that people are treated this way because others think they don't "look American."  We ALL look American!  That's what America is supposed to be about.

People fail to remember that the USA is a country that was formed by immigrants. The only natives to this land are the native americans. We need to all respect each other.

I am an Australian. Originally from Germany. Last week some toothless woman crossed the street to my side and yelled at me : Go back to Italy or England where you come from!!!' I just laughed and I said : ' No Darlin'! I'm gonna stay! Forever! And it burns you, doesn't it?!'

The trouble is in part that the woman who yelled that probably won't read this article or any other article that points out their own racism and/or bigotry. It's something I've started calling "willful ignorance". If they don't read about behavior they do, they don't have to admit they do it. Something too many seem to be suffering from these days.

Incidents like this will only increase dramatically if Trump becomes President. Since his rise in national consciousness, I've had two racial incidents. Trump has brought out the worst in people, and he must be stopped.

I am a Chinese-American, 5th generation American born from Georgia and moved to NYC 10 years ago. The racial remarks and stereotyping are not limited to the South like most people think. I have experienced encounters like Michael Luo right here in NYC. The generations that came before me did so to make a better life and live the American dream. That's what my family has done. We studied hard and earned our education and are all successful in great professions. My father served in the US Army in the Korean Conflict.  My uncle was a POW in WWII. I am an American! Thank you Michael Luo for speaking out!

I posted a version of this somewhere else today...

Something like this happened when I was at a restaurant in Queens, NY over the summer. The two women next to me at the bar were taking about having just moved to the neighborhood. Long story short, an Asian man at the other end of the bar was having trouble seeing the tv because a friend of the two women had decided to stand in his line of view instead of sitting down or moving over. The man tried to get the manager to change the channel on another tv, but the manager couldn't for some reason, so instead the manager said something to the person blocking the view. The women then started complaining about the Asian man and said, "he should go back to Chinatown" I turned to them and told them they were being rude and that I was also Asian. They proceeded to ignore what I said and turned their backs to me. I didn't want to create a whole scene but I really wanted to tell them they should go back to whatever racist city they came from! (Based on their accents, they were from the South) I was angry about the incident for days. I should've said more.

I get that too. I'm not from China either. I'm Dutch Indonesian and have lived in the US since 1969 and am a naturalized devoted patriotic citizen.

A caucasian lady approached me while i was on my way to my car and said to me "I hate to see your kind taking the jobs away from real Americans. Go back to your own country where you belong. We don't need second rate teachers in America educating our youth. Your kind must go back or get shot in the head." Yep. That happened to me too. I am a US citizen and a certified teacher. Sad but true. Racism still does exist... and this election seems to somehow blow it out of proportion.

Im Canadian and i had this happen to me in minor hockey when i was a kid. Shaking hands after the game. A kid said that to me. Without hesitation i knocked him out 1 punch. I cried and we both got suspended 1 game. Moral of the story? We all the same on the inside no matter where we come from

Think about it. If this happened in a big city, imagine what it must be like for minorities who live in towns and suburbs all across America. The spoken and unspoken, real and imagined prejudices, against those born in America and those who were not.

It is indeed worst for Asian who has the accent and didn't born and rise in the state, but has put in time and effort to make this country better. 
I am from a different country, came to the state in hope of making some different in the health care field, study in grad school but because of my accent and background, no matter how much I care for the patient or others in the field , I always felt left out , not appreciated and not able to fit in.

I am so sorry. That is a dreadful thing that woman did. I so wish I had been standing next to her when she let out such vileness. I would have had choice words for her.  Too bad someone nearby wasn't quick enough to tell her how ugly she was being. Her outburst says more about her than she perhaps meant to convey.

I want political correctness back, at least our children were not exposed to rude insensitive comments. Now this "I speak my mind" rhetoric has become normal!

Hell I feel the same way when someone tells me go back to Africa. I keep asking them to pay for the ticket, as I've never been. So far no takers tho. But I still hold out hope lol. It's not a good feeling but when people are that ignorant, you can't do anything but pity them in their ignorance. But you still never quite get over it tho.

My heart is with Mr Luo's family. We aren't all that way.

my wife and her friend from Manila were speaking Tagalog on the escalator at the Mall when someone had the nerve to yell "you're in America, speak American", which they both do very well, but they know several languages and the native tongue is just refreshing to speak with others.

That was a heartbreaking read. So sorry that you have to hear that and explain someone else's rude comment to your daughter. 

I blame Donald trump. Some people do have hateful judgments in their hearts, but he's made it acceptable to say awful things. He encourages bullies everywhere. Which is why he must be defeated soundly. No place for these words in our country.

why did she say go back to china? well because she is an ignorant moron thats why she said it and if someone had said that to me i would have yelled back i am in my own country you F**king moron i was born here ... lol because you know people are f**king stupid.

I know that feeling, man. it burnt in the chest instantly when some stranger shouted the very same thing to me...i dont even know that person, but the fact some random person hates u by default...uggh. It really, really sucks. So I totally get what he's talking about.

Maybe the woman who yelled to Micheal Luo was mentally ill. Here in NYC some people dress good but they have mental problem like Donald Trump!🙄

I'm born and raised in China. But I don't like being yelled "go back to China" either more so because I don't like the idea of considering every Asian person "Chinese", just like I never call te Lunar New Year "Chinese New Year". Also it pisses me off when some random white dude tells me or the class how China is like. Seriously, people should just get educated

One thing concurs and supports those silly and dangerous racist views. Why are people called in USA, african-american, asian-american and not european-american? The only 'true' americans (considering roots) are native people. And that's that. Those prefixes on "american" are just plain seggregacionists, giving far more entitlement to european descents when confronted with US citizens from other descents!

ya I still remember some kid put a "made in China" sticker on my back. Boy those good ol days in highschool where your contemporaries are immature and racist children. But I am glad now that I am an adult people are no longer racist and wait a minute....

It happens to Asians on a daily basis, but we're generally not outspoken and the population is relatively low, it's often overlooked. One of the common questions is where are you originally from after they respond they are born here. There are research done on this that the asian communities are often treated as foreigners

Wouldn't it be a wonderful twist of fate if that woman read the article and realized how racist her behavior was. Or perhaps it will jog the rest of us into thinking about how we might better interact with others on a daily basis.

I'm glad you wrote about your experience. I hope this woman recognizes herself in your piece. She probably didn't think this encounter would be published.

Guess Im not "normal" or rich because I dont own a nice raincoat and iphone 6. But I would never act like a racist pig so whatever.

I've been here for 31 years. Last month, I was crossing a main thoroughfare in Norwood, MA (a Boston suburb) and a white guy slowed down, open his window, and spit at me.

When I stayed in the US as an au-pair, I often went to Elementary School with the mother I was staying with.
I'm “white“ so you couldn't tell right away where I came from.
Students, parents and teachers there were quite friendly in the beginning, assuming I was from France or Switzerland,...even Denmark was mentioned once.
The mother of my host family took me to meet the principal and when she approched, I reached out to shake her hand.
But before I could do that, she asked where I came from.
I said “I'm from Austria“.
She immediately dropped her hand and told me :“I would NEVER shake hands with Nazis like you.“
......
People will find a way to hurt you.
no matter what.

Racist comments are now becoming "OK" because of DONALD TRUMP!   One thing I most respected about americans (yes, past) was the politeness of not using inappropriate speech even if they thought otherwise --- sadly, that has changed after a billionaire bigot goes up in public promising to build a wall!

It's always funny to me when the lowest of the low bash immigrants (such as my mother), or those who look like immigrants. Funny this is, it's usually the uneducated, barely-making-it types that are the most opinionated about the issue. I always want to look at them with a concerned, inquisitive look and be like, "that immigrant owns 5 homes. Sorry - how many do you own, again?" 🙄

I'm making assumptions here, but she was likely white. As a indigenous American, the amount of livid this makes me is incomprehensible to most. Pretty no one is "from here" or really anywhere else on this planet for that matter. I really doubt this woman has a solid grasp on history.

How many times when asked "where are you from?" and I replied "Boston", people will explain that's not what they meant? One even went as far as telling me there's no shame in telling people where I was REALLY from....

Yes go back to Europe please. The land belongs to the natives. Vacate america, canada, australia, south africa asap. The irony is invaders asking legal immigrants to "Go Back"

Michael Luo, I am sorry for what you and your family have had to face.  I have Asian friends who have also been made to feel alien.  
Obviously you know that she was ignorant and rude, but that doesn't make it feel any better, nor take away this ugly episode. 
Know that there are many who support you.  How sad that in the era of Trump some people feel entitled to spew hatred and bigotry as their candidate does.  
And thank God he won't be in office to continue his hate mongering.  
Peace.

I was walking along Lexington Ave in the East 60's a few months ago and two well dressed woman were strolling along speaking Spanish. A haggish American woman started screaming at them, for no apparent reason, 'Speak English. You are in America...we speak English here.". Now, mind you, this was a private conversation that this woman was in no way a part of! I blame this, the license to shame others over perceived threats to American's heightened sense of 'NATIONAL IDENTITY PANIC", on the ascent and rhetoric of DONALD J. TRUMP!

The US is my home. I grew up in a rural small town where I got these remarks all the time from peers, parents, and strangers. I was a confused kid who felt like all the other kids. The saddest part looking back now, were the adults who should have known better.. the friend's parents who pretended to speak fake chinese to me or gave me racist nicknames when I was maybe 7 years old. It's scary how open they were about it in front of their kids, who later grew up to be bullies and now have kids of their own. As an adult, I moved to cities with more diversity.

No matter how well dressed, or what phone she is holding, or how well she can speak English or how "American" she thinks she looks, nothing will hide the ugly truth of her ignorance! I am thankful of your letter as a similar situation happened not too long ago to myself and a group of my friends and family, of which, four of them where small children.  The only difference is, it was in Downtown Baltimore while we were traveling there for a day trip, and it was three African American young men, who were both verbally and physically aggressive toward us. Luckily they only exercised their verbal garbage and not the latter. The fear, anger, sadness, frustration, and feelings of being "foreign" and not accepted are well resonated. I've learned through age and life experiences from dating outside of my own culture, having friends from different corners of the world, traveling to other parts of the world, that we are more alike than different. It is fear, insecurity, and ignorance that drive people to behave the way they do. We can only hope this ignorant upper east side lady is now a slightly more educated one after her encounter with you!

Before retiring from decades of teaching newly-arrived and non-English speaking youngsters, when some
of them were told to " go back to China" , they told me they survived the taunting with the two words I taught them to repeat," You, too." !

I can't imagine what this would be like...my family having lived in a country for many years, only to be told I did not belong because of my appearance. I am sorry you had to endure that. Awful.

I would add even more. The U.S. debt to China is $1.241 trillion, as of June 2016. That's almost 31% of the $4.038 trillion in Treasury bills, notes, and bonds held by foreign countries. Which actually means that whenever a Chinese ask something, US should answer "Yes, master"

armenian, born in iran. we emigrated to the US when i was a year old. grew up in los angeles with english as my first language. the only accent i have is a valley girl one. 
have always been outspoken, especially about my political and social views. in high school this earned me more than one "you don't like it here, go back to where you came from" from pissy little white boys.

Some Irish girls tried to pick on me in Dublin and I gave them a lecture in better English than they could muster. They were so shocked that they fell silent. I don't take offense. I just feel sorry for their ignorance.

What is wrong with people? Especially in america where everybody except some native americans have their roots outside of the us of a. It is so sad and sometimes i wish i weren't "caucasian"  (italian but living since 34 years in switzerland). I've been living in new york and i felt always welcome, just because i look like this perhaps. I'm so sorry what happened to you. But many people are ignorant and have a bad education. Sadly, it is not better in Europe. I still don't feel like a swiss, altough I love living here.

So many things make me sad these days. This is no exception and I am thankful for the shining example of taking the high road that we have in the White House right now. Hopefully that inspires you too at times like these.  I can't claim to have a clue what you must feel like. I am a 59 year old white woman who is slowly understanding what it feels like to be invisible.

If she was a white person (and I'm sorry to say it's usually white bigots who say such things), then her complete ignorance and arrogance is is unsurprising. The best answer I've heard to such an insult is, "go back to your country and leave the Natives their land."

I had some friends visiting San Antonio about 5 or so years ago who had family visiting from Zambia. They are Indian-African but some idiot girl told them to go back to India. Glad we didn't stoop to her level and tell her to go back to the country she looked like she was from. It really made me angry.

I feel for him. I'm from Singapore and yet, even though we have our own country, we still get told sometimes when we are abroad to go back to China.

Whether Trump wins or loses, the deplorables will individually continue the fight against the immigrants or at least the imaginary ones who supposedly stole the American greatness and then stuffed it under mattresses or sent it back "home" via western union.

This foolish woman doesn't realize that command can very legitimately be directed at her as well. The only true Americans are natives. And who gave her ownership of America, anyway? Entitlement is disgusting.

Can't use logic and reason with people like that. Racism still runs pretty deep with SOME older well off educated white folks. I am sure black folks get the same kind of racism from Asian folks too. The knife cuts both ways. I wonder what your kids think (or feel about) black folks.

This happened to me a lot in various ways in high school. Granted, I'm from china, but I've been a Canadian since I was 8 months old.

I'm Jewish. If Trump got elected I'd go back to China with you

This is just so sad, especially in this day and age. I'm sorry that your daughter witnessed it. It is their ignorance that drives them to do and say such things...it is reprehensible and not an excuse.

People forget the plight of racism that Asian-Americans face often. Racism is a still and will for a long time be a problem.

I have come across this many times, too, here in Canada, mostly in Vancouver only but seldom in other parts of the country and never in French-speaking areas, where I find people much more welcoming towards Asians if you speak some French.

Being from Hong Kong where I was part of the majority, I do understand the racist behaviour of some of the people here. This is human nature and inevitable. In Hong Kong, there is a sizeable ethnic Indian population, who also suffer from racial abuse and institionalized discrimination just like the blacks in the US, despite the fact that some of their families have been in HK for multiple generations with some even dated back to the founding of the colony, and speaking fluent, unaccented English and Cantonese. 

We were all born with different attributes which may work for or against us at different times and places. Like a stack of cards that you have in a game, life is all about playing it right given what you have. Your look is one of them.

I hear "Go back to China", too, whenever I am perceived to be "in the way." But I'm not Chinese. My father was born in Korea. My mother was born in England. Here's what you do: Yell back: "GO BACK TO POLAND!!"

As much as I am proud to be an American, we have a history of hatred against immigrants; the Irish and Chinese come first to mind. My grandmother told me when I was 9 or 10 we were not Irish, which I believed. Then I found out she lied because of the bigotry in Boston in the late 19th and early 20th century. I can only hope with a woman for president we might see things differently. There will be haters, we will not be amongst them.

If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter. George Washington.
Smart person don't have to pay so much attention to the words. I deeply hate any type of racism, but it's disgusting to see how easily majority of people support "political correctness" and do not see how they are converting in fascist bigots. And I can promise you it's just a first steps, any limitation of freedom always leads to dictatorship and disaster.

It's so disappointing !!!! And so sad. their cross to bare is that they are cruel and racist they know so little about culture and people and their world is so small and introverted !!  Probably a Donald trump supporter!!

I was in a hotel bathroom in Pittsburgh. There was no one else there besides myself and an old Caucasian woman. She didn't even look at me, just stared right at the mirror and said "Why don't you go back to your own country? You got a big land anyway." I was originally from Taiwan but had been a US citizen living in Michigan for years. I had been surrounded by very nice people in Ann Arbor so was totally shocked when I heard it. All I was thinking at the moment was "but Taiwan is small and this is my country now!"

There is nothing that can be said to bring you solace. MAncheter, in one of his books, wrote about how American officers during WW2 went to various townhall meetings  to tell the people about the sacrifices of the Japanese American  troops, the 442 etc, when he mentioned that one unit only had two survives some white cracker yelled" too bad they didn't kill the last two" 
What can you do against such hate?
Everyone there just sat on their hands...

I am from Finland and I was told to go back where " you came from" when a strange man heard my accent - I am citizen of this country and have been here over 20+ years! Never before has anyone said such a thing to me! 
Ps this happened in Toledo, Ohio July 16!

As a full blooded Native American, I was once told in Philadelphia — the city of Brotherly Love — to go back where I came from. This was from an Irish American man. No, bigotry will exist as long as education remains a political tool

Once I was leaving my apartment when my neighbor started questioning my presence there. The way she asked me indicated she wasn't glad I was in that neighborhood (upper-class  one where the majority is Caucasians).She made me feel like I did not not belong there, like I was a burglar breaking into somebody's apartment. It made me mad and I let her know I lived there. Also, subway is the common place for people to remind you that you have chinky eyes.

Not at all isolated incidents. I used to work in City of London and got paid more than the managers who were telling me what to do (not how). Nepotism/elitism/racism still big here. Recently in a village pub, waiting for service, I was invisible as the overweight, not good-looking barperson served bodies all around me. I enquired if amongst all her other defects, if she also blind. Manager came over later, me expecting him to say she was immediately excluded, but was asked to apologised for upsetting the 🐖. I am still a nice fella and won't put any naughty words here. X

Reminds me of some Dutch TV journalist making some documentary about the immigration in America, with the background that many Chinese Chinese buying lots of real estate. There was a scene where he, right after the "oath of citizenship" ceremony, grabbed an European looking woman, saying "you look American" and how it went etc. and the lady kindly said no I was from Chili. "You look American" what does that even mean, compared to other non-American looking people who also pledged and vowed to make contribution and have earned their status and living in the same land?

I have a similar experience being told I sound/act white... and honestly when people call me African American. Last I checked I'm not from Africa.  I feel for you but you have to filter this out. Obviously you have done really well, shown your daughter how words don't hurt and can't keep her back from being successful.

I lived in Chinatown NYC for 14 years...Im Irish...I love it there and have nothing but respect for all my Chinese neighbors...so much fun to experience a different culture and the great stores and food...a privilege.

I was called a "dirty Mexican" I'm not dirty... and I'm not Mexican. People who say these things are angry and scared by anyone or anything that isn't just like them. I had my origins DNA done at FTDNA.com and found out that my ancestors are from almost literally everywhere, (except Mexico). And I'm pretty sure that my dad's people, who were here in 1635 might just predate theirs. Oh, how I wish there was a New World that we could send them to! Sad, sorry people.

I was on liberty in my dress blues having coffee at the local Dennys when a red neck hick asked me if I was Chinee. I replied that I was of Chinese descent, when he proudly announced that they ran out all the Chinee years ago.btw, my grandfather was born in South Dakota.

Sad but true, many people are fearful of people of other races... It happens around the world, but that doesn't make it right. When will we learn to celebrate differences? We can learn so much from one another!

Because the vast majority of racists in the USA are also ignorant, haven't traveled outside the US - let alone their own state or city, and feel insecure enough that they feel the need to put others down because they feel small.

I am so sorry. This is exactly what it feels like to be Jewish as well. I understand how unsettling this is, especially in this hate filled climate that Mr. Trump is exploiting.  A hard working, beautiful, family focused group should not go through this. Don't let a stupid entitled racist ruin your day

These comments make me so sad for our nation. Are there really that many awful people out there? What is wrong with people?

Hazing of immigrant families goes back a long time and is not restricted to Asian families. Look up "NINA". And then there was JFK, president and no one remembers NINA.

It's funny because none of the white people are truly "American", since the native americans have eurasian origins, as 'brothers who share similar dna' asian people have more claim than the white people. Just sayin'

Apologies for stupid people. They forget their family also came from 'somewhere else' and the signs once read 'Dogs and Irish stay off the grass'.

My sister got mad at a man who locked his dog in his car with the windows rolled up on a hot day. He told her to "Go Back to China!"

in the church, still can't give example of their so called god of love, just as the jerks that said no to the agreement with farc in my country, in the name of  god, let's keep the war going.

Sadly racist incidents like this don't only happen in the US in 2016, many incidents have been captured in other countries too, UK and Australia for a start

I have 2 biracial children. Either looks particularly Asian. Their stories are of racist statement said by people who didn't know they were part Asian.

Susan Anglada Bartley You may wish to use this. How one should and should not conduct oneself in our pluralistic society; the lesson seems so simple and obvious.

They might just jealous about many asian countries are getting stronger. Most people like us are polite, studying hard, earn our education, reputation and respect. They maybe just want to lose their face.

Is it because the majority of chinese American support the chinese communist party like some German American in the past supporting the Nazi Party so it is hard for chinese to be accepted in the US?

This is the side to trumps comments that his supporters don't want to own. They like to lump everyone who isn;t like them into one big basket and tell them to leave... Deplorable

I was told that too as a kid: Go back to China! 

Dude, first off, I was born in Chicago. 
Second, my nationality is Filipino. Not all Asians are Chinese, idiot.

My son in middle school was called the "Asian guy" at school by a teacher!!! His classmates felt that was a racist comment by the teacher.  It is 2016 and it is still happening.

We have seen crassness elevated to new heights, and the majority of the donald supporters identify with his disgusting brazen bigotry

Isn't it ironic that 3rd world African messed up countries can release statements directing their citizens to NOT come to america for even vacation?

It's interesting to see that China does not want their citizen to immigrate to western countries while lots of people in the western countries kept telling their citizen to "go back" to other places. They said that like they can do better without those people.

Let's be real and just say it: being American to some part of the population means you need to be white. If you are not then the question " where are you from?".

I can't even begin to register the level of my disgust, or say something smart. Maybe that's enough. There's nothing smart to say to these apes.

By the same standards, all the Americans should go back to Europe, and give America back to its original inhabitants, the Native Indians!!

As a Muslim,  I thought we, Mexicans, blacks and the disabled were at the receiving end of racism. The brush seems to be a lot broader!

This reminds me of that dad in the Five Guys that pointed and laughed at our asian and biracial families and yelled "Keep America Beautiful" in front of his young daughter. The Trump effect in upstate NY?

As an IRS longtime resident I would like to say we are not all racists. I apologize for the ignorance of that woman and her vulgar statements to the family of Mr. Luo. Please do not think she represents the majority of my decent caring neighbors.

This just breaks my heart for the victims of the racists, especially the youngest among them. It breaks my patience to think of so much progress, having been made to slowly as it was, all backsliding now.

Am sure the comments will soon get nasty. So I just want to say something positive. I hope whomever reads this that you have a great week!

With Donald racism is getting more and more spread like the dead itself, sadly this is the hidden face of the once greatest and beautiful country in the world.

happened to me before and my ready answer is ., i don't sèe you wearing an Indian blanket ...

People yell at me "Go back to Mexico." My ancestors came here over ten thousand years ago.

Mr. Luo should have told that white woman to go back to Europe! The original settlers in America were the Native Americans!

Let the little one know we are not all like that ~ assure her she is loved and welcome and I would hug her if I could.

I'm sorry that this happened to you and your family. Be strong.

My Grandparents on my Father's side of the family is from Japan. We've all been told to go back where we came from.

I want to go back to China if Donald Trump gets elected....

That happened in every country! People just simply can't accept differences!

I am so very sorry that you and your family, especially your two young daughters, experienced this hateful racist behavior.

Trump supporters, no doubt.

Why so hateful? America was never lily white, and will never be. Just hateful

All these racists need a good NY answer....be witty and don't hold back

I would like to apologize for idiots speaking to your family like that. I am truly sorry your children were subjected to such thoughtless and stupid statements

You were right to confront her. You should taken a picture of her and posted that on Facebook too.

It happens here in Brazil, too. Unfortunatelly the racism is taking over the countries.

So sorry that happened. It makes me mad. You don't deserve that. Who the hell did she think she was?

You have Trump to thank . Now people are not afraid to show how they really feel. It's good And really , really bad all at the same time.

If anyone should go back to somewhere it should be that ignorant woman and the many others like her to a classroom to educate herself.

Some people feel pain in their heart when others are happy and peaceful.

I'm so sorry you had to hear that especially your child. You are in your own country. You are here in America.

We need to create a country where racists and bigots do not feel that they belong.

Oh my god get over it
my dad was called a nazi in the 60's because he was from German 
There will always be mean people in the world

Ignorance is not prejudice to age, class, or status; as we clearly see.

Thank you for writing about your experience and standing up for ABCs!

Clarissa Siu honestly this is the saddest thing ive ever read

She probably won't shout something like go back to Africa?

He should have yelled back: go back your f***king Europe, b****!

Yell back: "Go back to Europe!" ... and watch the stupid expression on their face :-) we are all immigrants and descendants of immigrants.

Just despicable behavior and not what America should be about. So sorry

The woman is ignorant. Tell your daughter she will meet ignorant people throughout life but don't let it get you down. There are more good people than the deplorables

We all belong and I am so sorry you experienced that incident. We are a diverse nation and therein lies our strength!

Well written and relatable as a first-gen American! Alexandra Zimmer

This is what Trump is bringing out. He legitimizes this Behaviour.

I was hit by a car on my bicycle in 2009 and the driver's wife told me to go back to my country.

Hope Trump loses big & maybe his supporters will shut up!

Hillary Clinton never talked about lowering the national dept she avoided

Thank Trump for this! He and his minions are horrible! You belong here, this is our country, our home!

She was probably a trump supporter... can she tell trump to go back to Germany

It's painful how much the Trump candidacy has empowered these kinds of people. Sickening really.

You also go back woman, and leave Indians here in peace

You're home. It just sucks we live with awful people in this amazing country

Gee and I bet the ones making these horrible comments are Trump supporters.

thank trump and his DEPLORABLES, ignorant followers

disappointed and embarrassed at the lack of humanity demonstrated by anyone who would say this.

This is so disheartening that this woman felt it was acceptable to make such a remark.

Oh dear! I am in France. Does that mean I should go back to Denmark. I have lived

We need to deport white people back to Europe. Give the country back to the natives.

Someone told me to go back to working in a restaurant, as if working in one was deplorable.

David Powers This reminds me of the lady that told me to, "learn how to drive in this country". 😭

My favorite... "you don't have an accent, your English is perfect" ugh 😕

"Go back to (name of a Country) " - I guess you could say this to almost everybody who's living in the US...

If I ever met a racist like that in the US then I might go to jail.

The right answer to that comment is...if you go back to where you came from, I will think about it 😋

Ignorant trash still exist. You just learn to be strong and ignore it out.

Comments like this are what Donald Trumps campaign brings to a community. He gives people permission to think and what is worse speak like that.

if that happens to u ! imagine what happened to all of the people who doesn't look "american " !! bunch of ignorants!!

Again our public school system is not teaching history very well - that woman I'm sure is NOT Native American 😢

If this presidential campaign has taught us anything, it is that we as a country and civil society have MUCH work to do.

Thank you, Michael Luo, for writing about this and not letting it pass without notice.

Dear Mr. Luo, 
Not all of us act like that woman. I am sorry you had to experience that.

You should have told them, "I am in my own country!"

I bet she'd have said "Go back to Kenya"...because many the Luo live in Kenya. POTUS dad was a Luo.

People who say things like that do not speak for all of us or for the majority. We need to let them know that their behavior is not acceptable.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

I mean don't feel overwhelmed they don't know the geography very well keep calm and carry on!

Ignorance and racism will forever be present in one form or another, unfortunately.

Be realistic, they will never treat you as one of them.

hate to say it, but we don't want white americans back if one day the original americans decide to kick 'm out
sorry

Only a dunce deplorable would behave in such a manner..🙄

America is filled with racists, bigots and uneducated haters. That is who we should get rid of.

The Trump effect, no doubt. I am sorry that happened.

On behalf of the majority of your fellow Americans,please accept my apology.

Why are (anglo) white people just people, but everyone else is "ethnic?"

This country is overrun by Trumpites. Please go vote against all this prejudice and bigotry.

China town is swallowing up little Italy. Last time I visited it was smaller.

Made in the USA, but my fellow Americans are always suggesting that I should take a vacation back "home".

The racism and xenophobia which was limited to "low murmurs" has come out because of Donald Trump. Not Republican Party. Just DONALD TRUMP!

I have heard more racist insults from the ultraliberals than from conservatives. Don't let the self-righteous ultraliberal trash tell you they aren't racists.

If we did go back to where we all originated ... America would be empty and the Indians would be happy as hell

It happens all the time. I don't even get upset anymore. If you're not white, you're obviously not American.

Did that really happened? Or did he had nothing to write about ...

Rich celebs too out of touch ...know nothing of wages working conditions profits trade or how badly Americans have been treated..we learned hard lessons over the last few years..first is we cant trust EXPERTS who are paid by the rich or political parties to spin whats happening ....WMDs FREE TRADE 2008 housing collapse...experts had free rein to do as they liked and it HURT ordinary Americans. The Media is telling us that CLINTON is the only choice yet she represents the very interests that sent our jobs to ASIA and allowed BANKSTERS to bankrupt us...TRUMP sounds more like the right one for the White HOuse someone who willl change the GAME for us.

i always tell them one thing "you dont look like native american either"

Kim Campbell this is the stuff letycia was talking about...

We'd love to have you and your family in Canada Michael.

You should have yelled: "GO BACK TO EUROPE!"

So sad this is still happening

I am an american citizen living abroad, and the truth is, its not just white people but a lot of people can't swallow the fact that not all Americans are the Tall, lanky white folks. 

Look, an american is anyone who hold a US passport/citizenship. but that truth is  just lost to alotta people.

That was one of Trumnp's deplorable!

That's the Trump effect.

I apologize for that idiot!

No cure for stupid!!

That's messed up. Sorry man. :/

I'm so sorry this happened. Makes me sad.

Yep, I know this story...

The ignorance of some people is staggering.

"Go back to Europe!"

thus "a woman" enters history...

I'm so sorry this happened to you, your family, and so many others posting on this story.  Please folks, don't blame Trump for this kind of behavior.  While he is a truly awful person, the people who support him or say racist things need to be held accountable for themselves.  Don't give them an out by saying we have Trump to thank for this.  These people had hatred in their hearts long before they had a cheerleader to egg them on.

so many stupid people

Racism alive and well in the land of the free.

Lydia Would love to know your thoughts.

I will bet that the moron is a Trumpard minion!!! 😡😡😡.

The state is just not very habitable these days. :(

My mom.  😢

The wall was built!

My heart aches.

Trumpism

It's 2016 and this still happens.

Great response.

Tell her find a cool place to cool down.

Ignorance is worldwide my friend 👍

What have we become?!

Reprehensible is all I can say

this makes me so sad.

This makes me so sad.

I'm sorry to say that Trump has given permission to the lowest of the low in our society to say out loud what they think in their racist and xenophobic minds.  This is not the America we want.  I'm sorry that someone said that to you and your family.  We all deserve better.

people are very judgmental on this day

When I ask people who complain about political correctness what they would like to say that they feel they cannot say, I rarely receive an answer.  I suspect what happened to Mr. Luo is the answer.

I'm so lonely , who can I spend some time with. Is hard to be a single..

Ignorant losers exist in the US. You probably are going back to your nice home and fulfilling life. That woman is a looser. Had nothing better to do in life no purpose ... will probably end up alone and miserable. Take solace  that you clearly believe in the lord and this woman still hasn't found god.

Gee,  this is a surprise to him?  It has happened to me and my daughter many times and she was born here...and we live in San Francisco. Even stupid family of my partner married to Swiss immigrant asked me if I was going back to India for good... Being anything but white sucks in this country..

Ricardo Perez it will never end :(

Stop blaming Trump.  He's the symptom, not the cause.  He's just made it more acceptable for these people to show themselves.  I'd rather know they're here and who they are than allowing their ignorance to simmer out of sight.

I was told to go back to my country.  I am Hispanic, but have never been to Mexico.  My family has been here for 3 generations.  My father has served in the military for over 30 years and served time in Iraq. All my siblings are college educated. I only speak one language,  English.   Some people are just ignorant. All ethnic groups suffer from this unfortunately.

This experience is felt by many in NYC and the rest of the nation.  This type of behavior is on the rise now that we have a Republican candidate who has always spewed racist, sexist, vile comments.  Should the country invest in sensitivity training for all of its citizens?  I dont know BUT what I can say is that people may treat you in a respectful manner at work, school, church BUT dont cut them off on the highway or take that last apple pie at the grocery store, their TRUE sentiments will certainly come flying out their mouths...

Too bad you didn't get a photo of her screaming at you to accompany your story.  This is what we can expect from all the hate the Trump campaign has created.

Some people are just pigs...in expensive clothes

🇱🇷😳😪. My 2 cents comments on this issue.  This is bringing out the worst  in us.  I have never see an election in such turmoil as this one & not work together on the  issues that is important to all of us.  Such as Social Security, Medical care , debts, etc.

Drumpf's Amerikkka.

Forget it Michael, it's Chinatown.

Because they support Trump.

Ine of the #DEPLORABLES.

Sounds like what's been going on in the UK since Brexit.

Must be a Trump supporter.

Double standard!!!  As a WHITE American living /working in China, the chinese are the most RACIST of all the Asian.  Can't really have it both ways.

Undoubtedly a brainwashed Trump supporter.

Murica. Sad.

This is known, sadly, as the Trump effect.

Should have recorded her and shamed her online.

This is your home more than it is anyone else, that is what makes America great.  It what makes NYC the greatest place on earth... all are welcomed.

Sick racists. I'm ashamed to be white often...

Tell them to go back to their Confederate barracks!

People can be stupid.

Jesus what the hell is wrong with this country?

It's the stupid woman who doesn't belong.

Donald Trump totally won the debate!  His Lincoln remarks and the jail remark were classic!  Huge win!  He was fighting three against one and kicked Hillary's butt!  Martha actually argued with him!!!!  Martha was not supposed to be debating Trump, Hillary was.  TRUMP HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!

How lucky for Michael to have a means to reach out to his offender.  The majority of us who deal with these sorts or microagressions regularly don't have that privilege.

Thank you trump and deplorable scumbags

She must have been a drumpfette.

I am so sorry

Today in Trumplandia.

Chinese build our railroad and Napa valley.

Welcome to Donald Trump's Amerikkka 😡

I'm sorry.

Stupid people speak without thinking.  Unfortunately Trump's campaign has given them cover for doing just that.  I'm very sorry for what Rachael Moin and other victims of racism are going through.  And we are not a country of immigrants, we are a country of indigenous people and immigrants.  We have not wiped out the indigenous people-though God knows we've tried.

The Trump effect.

This is Trump's fault.

#AsianLivesMatter

Donnie Darko will not sit still for this.

You should have snapped her picture and posted it.

Because she's an ignorant bigot, thats why.

Clearly she is ignorant

I warry for Chinese as much as they warry for me 😂

Happens to me almost daily online.

Terrible!!

Thank you Donald Trump.

A fellow Christian?

IDK.  Maybe you should.

trump effect - no doubt

Maybe you went there and dint pay a bill.

The Trump effect

Trump effect.

I am so very sorry that you experienced this.  I am so very sorry that you are not alone in experiencing this type of behavior.  I will never understand this type of rude, racist and boorish behavior.

This is extremely sad.

Clinton = House of cards

These racists are ignoramus.

She never knew. Good you told her.

#thisis2016 #ellisisland #nyc sigh

Ignorance

I would say, "Nah.., am staying!".  Say it with a smile.  Passive aggressive is the best way to make people go..."Huh???", :P.  You do what you do, Mike.

"Go back 'ter China, 'yeh god'dang Jap!"

Happens to me at work. Hehehe

Sounds like a Trump supporter! Basket of deplorables

Welcome to trump's America! !!!!

So Christian :V

As usual, people staying classy **cough**

Trump supporter no doubt

Good grief.   Racists

Trump supporter, I'm betting on it.

Because she's ignorant!

Smh

Just raff out roud

Very small minds.

Trump Effect

Shameful

First sentence.  " let it go".  But us it as a motivation for yourself.   Why give that person the time of day.  You are not going to change their mind.  They must change their own mind.

Trump supporter?

Very sad to say the least

X

This article seems well timed hmm...

BECAUSE THE PERSON WHO SAID IT ,,,IS WITH NO DOUBT A TRUMP SUPPORTER,,,(( WHEN THEY GO LOW GO HIGH ))

Just tell her go back to Europe.

???????

Japanese American, african American, italian American, martian American.... Can't you see? It's either American or not! That's when prejudice begins...

I was in China and someone said 'Go back to America'!

:( Jack Mellanby

I'm so lonely , who can I spend some time with. Is hard to be a single..

I'm so lonely , who can I spend some time with. Is hard to be a single..

O_o all the nationalities are here in america

This is what happens when nativism run amok.     Trump and other filth like him are promoting this sort of vicious crap.

Ivy Bregman title

Blame Donald Trump for this racist comment to  be more open...he have open up for so many cracy words there is no ending

All americans: go back to europe

It's not right..we're all Americans!

We can thank Trump for bringing this type of racist behavior  to the top. . He encourages hatred. He must be defeated!

Shirley

Alysa Wang

Sorry, Michael Luo.  I can't relate at all to your reaction.  

Have I experienced my share of racism?  Yes.  And yet I feel 100% American and have never felt like I did not belong in this country.  

And yes, I can laugh at stuff like this:

https://youtu.be/PWO7CMF5otY

Rose Connelly

Elisa Juhee

Michael Liu Michael too?

Only one of Trump's deplorables would say something like that.  It's only gotten worse since Trump became the Republican nominee.

Jeanne Cheong

Danny Poon

Jeesoo Lee

Hannah Kim

I posted a comment earlier today that I fear for the safety of my smart, athletic, beautiful, Chinese-born niece in these times.  What has happened in this country???

Trump and Gopers  has made this kind of hate the norm!!!!!

Welcome to our new p.c.- free  America.  Where stupid is.

GHINA Dylan Fletcher Nelsen-Epstein

Trump rhetoric!  She's a Trump supporter.

Cindy Chu Rachel Tam Kari Nagasaki

😔 :)😉 ☔ Manpreet🌂 RApper😢 Singh👂 CHAMPIONS😔 KA😜 FAN💚 :)🐍 

:* Add Kar Lo Sab :)  Just Now Lo Aur Do :) AdD clOse krO  The New York Times
:D Monday : 10 - October - 2016
:3 CHAMPION BOT TEAM <3 -=[QASIM RAJPUT]]=- The New York Times
-_- :)  I Am On Fire :)  11 menit :D 4 detik :v 
<3 Bot  By  Manpreet RApper Singh
<3  CHAMPI0NS (^^^) B0T T3AM B| 
<3 SIT3 <3  RAJACHAMP.TK  <3

Connie Gao

Victoria Chen

https://www.facebook.com/theguardian/videos/573267666194334/

Bairavi Sanmugam

LindaCindy

Paul Santos

Zachary Rassam

Chi Dang

Michael Luo

Did she say China, or Chjiiiiiinuh?

Go back to china!

It's "acceptable" anywhere in the Western world to mock or question Asians. Try it, I dare you, and say that "Japenese are a funny kind of people" - you will find a great deal of people will readily agree and support "How weird they are". Try saying "Gay people are a funny kind of people", outrage follows, say that "Black people are weird" and you might have to hide unless you live in the most segregated states - and rightfully so, I might add. But it's okay to say it about Asian people, it's okay to speak faux-Chinese or Japanese and then expect Asian people not to take offense. The list goes on - we're not having it harder than other groups, often we have it easier than other minorities BUT more than any other group we are expected to shut up about it and just accept that "Asians are a little strange". F#ck you to anyone who thinks that way, you're a plain old racist just like the rest of 'em and no better.

"Go back to Mexico".... But I'm not from Mexico?

Emily Susan

My son's teacher wanted to go around the classroom and guess where everyone came from. She picked my son and she guessed that he came from China. My son said no, he's from NJ. She corrected him and said he must be mistaken. He's clearly from China based on his appearance and his last name. 

He was born in Hackensack, NJ. 

There is a big difference between ethnicity and nationality and there are people who don't know the difference between the two. 

Needless to say, I had to have a frank conversation with this ignorant woman. I'm sure she won't ever make the same mistake with another kid.