Then why is he interrupting the woman on the stage every other word? That's not respectful.

Bernie Sander is "signing off with the devil" for supporting Hillary. Yeah Donald, you have so much Respect for Women LMAO, You're so unfit to be President.

He has no respect for women, just the smug way he's acting and treating Clinton tells you all you need to know. Not to mention he is attacking the moderators.

I'm glad he just told us that he was a Gentleman. I would never have guessed.

When is someone going to push the big button that wakes us all up from this incredulous nightmare that is Donald Trump meeting any qualification of any kind that allows him to get anywhere near the White House? Such a joke. A scary, scary joke.

He didn't WANT to grab women's genitals.

He was only doing it to defeat ISIS.

How many times does he have to explain this?

#MakeAmericaGropeAgain

The sniff is back! Babble on and talk your head off but don't answer the question.

When the issue of sexual assault & violence against women came up, Trump said, "There's more important issues to worry about." 

Let that sink in.

I hate this man. I have no more words to describe the festering rage that I have this despicable human being.

Just shut up 🤐 Mr Trump!! You are an embarrassment to this country!! We are the laughing stock of the world with each stupid thing that comes out of your mouth! 😡😡😡

It's just unbelievable that people in the audience had the audacity and courage to clap to what he said. So many stupid people in this country.

It seem Donald Trump microphone is not working again sniff sniff sniff.

Trump has no plan and he can't stay on question and he has no clue what the hell he will do. He just bashes everyone and everything. He has no clue what healthcare he would devise or any other issue for that matter.

This man is nothing more than a creep from Hell. Repulsive in every way. I'm listening to the stupid comments he is making on the debate right now. He is suggesting that Canadians go to the US for major operations. Is he f-Ing crazy? I don't know anyone who goes to the US for surgery, but I see A LOT of Americans coming to St. Paul's hospital and other specialists in Vancouver. He is a lying useless windbag. He just comes up with nonsense and spews it forth as if it's true. 😡😡😡😡

It would be hilarious if it weren't so disgusting. He's giving voice to the worst among us, legitimizing ignorance and hate and sexual abuse, bigotry and language that doesn't belong in any locker room - men's or women's. What a piece of trash.

I have great respect for women. Nobody has greater respect for women than I do said no man ever who hovers immediately over and behind a woman constantly versus taking his place when it's her turn on stage. I'm not a psychologist or body language expert, but sometimes I play one on Facebook.

Get his blood and pee tested. 
Looks like he's on cocaine again.
Sniffed every 5 seconds
 It is also very common for a cocaine addict to have a stuffy or runny nose. You will often hear them sniffing, wiping or blowing their nose.

He has the most respectist respect for women. No one has ever existed that has had more respect for women. He respects women by telling them how much he respects them like when he respects them. Lol. He is so full of it. Why does he always say he respects women right after he says or does something that disrespects women? That's the only time I hear him say he respects women.

He is a completely insane scumbag of the lowest order!!!!!!

He's either a robot that repeats the same thing over and over, or he has his implosions, and of course...no details. Ever. He's truly a sick individual that doesn't answer questions but just goes on and on about the same old same old.

Yes. As a woman I can tell you that nothing makes me feel more respected than a man saying "grab 'em by the 🐈" and then justifying it by teleporting back to 1952 and calling it "locker room talk."

"Nobody has more respect for women than I do. I offer a very generous settlement to every woman I assault. Way more than my lawyers recommend, because I'm that type of guy."

If he were Pinocchio, his nose would be out the door.

Trump is the poster child for eveything wrong with America; greed, entitlement, racism, sexism, selfishness, hate, fear, ignorance, and apparently sexual abuse that's just to name a few

He is clearly demonstrating all 12 of the traits that describe a narcissist. He needs a psychiatrist. He is talking crazy talk. I can't believe Anderson lets him goes on and on. Please make him stop.

And why do we use the locker room to excuse such disrespectful and sexually abusive language anyway? It's not OK in the locker room, it's not okay on the street,it's not okay with your buddies it's not okay, period.  He needs to stop trying to excuse the inexcusable.

Donald said he has respect for women but calling Hillary the Devil.Wake up people VOTE FOR HILARY CLINTON.

I mean he's not wrong is he? Sexual offenders love women. That's why they assault us against are will? Donald just loves us so much he can't keep his hands off of us.

We're watching in Canada and my 13 and 15 yo girls are even calling him out on being a liar, liar, pants on fire. 'Locker room talk...' the 13 yo just threw her hands up in the air.

The people in the audience should be allowed to throw tomatoes.

I've known gentlemen, I'm related to gentlemen, I've worked with gentlemen. You, Mr. Trump, are no gentleman.

Pretty sure that my husband, father, and just about all of the great men in my life have more respect for women than you do! Tell us more about ISIS, you knucklehead.

What on earth is Trump talking about re:healthcare? Canadians don't need to go to the USA for operations. In fact I know one multimillionaire who was in the US and chartered an aircraft back to Canada because of the shaft he was getting in the states......and no one goes bankrupt here because they can't pay for a major operation. Leave Canada out of it Trump! You know nothing about it!

Mr. Trump, this isn't a reality TV show. It's a presidential debate. You are showing once again that you are temperamentally unfit for the office.

There is a deep terrifying sensation I feel when I see how far this man has gotten in our country... How did he EVER get in front of so many people?!?! I keep hoping Im going to wake up out of this nightmare.

Trump has been charges with thousands of crimes and been convicted of a financial crime on average every second month. How has he got the nerve to say that if he was president he'd put Hillary in jail? What about the thousands of business people he ripped off? Even his bankruptcy for profit, loss of close to a billion let him off taxes, while other people took the fall for his "losses" which amount to all the bills he didn't pay. What will it take for people to see through this conman?

Trump just keeps telling the same old lies over and over. He is a disgrace to our country. The GOP knew what a psychotic bum he is and should have nipped it in the bud. They all share in that failure.

"One on three", omg what a whiner you are, Trump. Alec Baldwin, I hope you are taking notes for next SNL...

"I love women, believe me. I like them biggly, just not the fat ones. Everyone is talking about that, I like their -------- and their --------. When I see them, I have to kiss them and grab them. I just do it. I have tremendous respect for the ladies and specially like them if they are married."

Trump can't just keep using vague and insulting words, but not saying facts and detailed plans. This is a presidential debate!!!! What a shame!!

I guess he must be holding back his own laughter, that's why he's snorting like a pig again. Is he gonna blame his mic 🎤 this time ?

He will lose huuuuge and end up on the scrap heap of history . Wait folks more stuff coming out in next few weeks to make his defeat overwhelming .

Long history short: Nobody loves women, blacks, Latinos, gay people, Muslims... More than Donald Trump. And since we are in "medieval times" he represents the second coming of Christ.

HA wow he's funny. Its a joke right then him saying he's a gentlemen? Yeah okay. Might be more infuriating then him saying its just locker room talk. Misogny/sexism/rape of women is not locker room talk no matter how casual or blatant it is talked about it needs to be demolished.

using an excuse - locker room talk 
equals saying boys will be boys to defend the rapist. 
Listening to this makes me sick...

He respects them so much, he stands behind them when they're talking on camera... that's his respect, he's not being a bully or playing mind games. #sarcasm

This is the most personally offensive to me of his endless narcissism. It's grotesque for Trump and his shils to tell me they believe I'm not deserving of the higher level of respect my husband gives me and receive from other men than what Trump shows women. How does Trump claim that he is the decider of being the greatest highest authority of the respect I and all women are allowed? He's nothing but vulgar.

My husband and two sons have more respect for women than Donald Trump. So now there are at least 3 men ahead of DJT. Please add your own people to the list!

It's very sad that the first question at a presidential debate is how one of the candidates feels about women.  Chump says they're just words.  Does he realize that a diplomat uses WORDS as a tool?

He knows nothing about whats happening around the world. He is obssesed with ISIS and knows only that! He says, and let us nt 4get that he is running 4 president of USA 'there are many horrible horrible things happening'!!! He cant even gve ONE example apart of isis???!!!

Funny thing is: here in Brazil an ex-president said nobody was more honest than him. He is expected to go to jail still this year...

Seriously? I am not deaf nor blind. I heard and saw the tape. We know what he thinks of women and it does not include respect.

He's disrespecting her now like she don't know nothing. Like women are not smart. She has just has much education has he has or more. See he's disrespecting that lady right now.

"I will take care of  ISIS" Taking care of ISIS with the help of Saudi Arabia ? Instoring the ''legitimate democratic govt'' in Yemen with the help of Saudi Arabia ? As long as USA is backing the House of Saud with weapons and diplomatic coverage, the USA has no word to say, and nothing to teach to the world, and should stay inside their borders with their heads down. How dare you speak about democracy with Saudi Arabia as your warhead in the middle east? Hypocrites !

Watching from Australia, loling! Does Donald Trump ever answer a question?
America can't be serious 😂🙅😂

He's still the same pig he has always been. He was very creepy by how close he was standing behind her. I was starting get worried for her.

What is locker room talk about it? He was walking in front of a camera and wearing a mike. Done it or not-he was bragging as if that was a behavior he would be proud of doing.

Why does he always have to talk about himself using superlatives???

Nobody knows the tax code as well as he does.
--not what his tax preparer said.

Nobody knows as much about ISIS as he does.
--really???

He is too full of himself to be President.

STILL sniffling...someone PLEASE get him to an ear nose and throats doctor!!
Oooooooooo, maybe he's sniffling because he has skin colored tape, holding his nose close to his face.. else it would GROW with ALL the fibs and fudging he's doing!!!!!

I can't stop laughing either. 😂😂😂😂Isn't that funny??? He's got a mental disorder called schizophrenia. Should have someone bring him to the hospital immediately.

Trump has no respect for women. Please quit trying to play this man as a legitimate candidate for President. Jesus take the wheel.

All the other countries are actually in deep shock and surprise that our country allowed Donald Trump to be a Republican nominee!!!

HRC answered every question tonight very clearly and with a poise that defies nature. Trump answered nothing on point, was rude and obnoxious, and pundits call it a slight win for trump.

You people on here act like your holier than though😂😂😂 doesn't matter what age men are they all have these kinds of conversations!! Give me a break!! People are worried so much about what he says but not worried about what this country is getting ready to
Go through!!! Well I for one want a man like Donald Trump who will not be a coward when the time comes!!! You people are idiots!!!!

Every word that comes out of this orange clown's mouth is a lie; words with no substance behind them, which he twists and exaggerates in any manner or form just to suit his purposes. This Trump man is a crock full of sh…t and he's sh…ting on the USA.

Sure trashy trump try to talk like your a likable person cause the truth is your the devil inside,  you want to win this election that's why your trying so hard to tone down but too late everyone knows what a big dog you are and a rich pig who only think of yourself 👹😈👺😨

I think everybody has said something bad about someone at some point rather it be male or female. So quit acting high and mighty cause you are just as guilty . At least he didn't have anyone killed in Benghazi because the soldiers were ignored.  What about Hillary attacking the women Bill slept with

Please, stop bringing up the past.. this is for everyone involved in this debate... no one is perfect.. we all have choices to make & live with those choices.. I'm undecided voter.. I want to learn about what is the hope of both Hilary & Trump. How are they planning to run the country, how are they going to improve life in the states, how are they reduce taxes, costs of Perscriptions , fuel etc.. stop degrading each other use the time wisely I'll give respect to which ever candidate that stops feeding the media and tell americas how they plan on improving our nation in a positive way! Bring back companies, lower health insurance costs, since Obama care our health plan his increased $200.00 per month with less coverage.. 

Please try and convince me to vote for you... validate your plans. I need to see/hear less scripted. I mean use your facial, vocal, physical  emotions.. I don't feel either of you truly believe the words that your saying. Lastly, please stop evading the actual question by going into a rant/blame/ Shane game.

TRUMP CRUSHED IT. He TOTALLY put down the 11-year-old private boy-talk tape. Hillary was TOTALLY outclassed- rattled- and lost at times. She has no answer for Trump's articulate definition of the DISASTER she is and will be. BRAVO-Mr. Trump---BRAVO!!!!

Locker room talk is the same vulgar excuse as boys will be boys. It is unacceptable that he is allowed to continue campaigning. Since when did devaluing women and playing into misogyny and rape culture become prerequisites for the presidency.

What a joke to hear Trump said about women here! Listen to this, I realized Trump is a salesman. No offense to salesman, who responsibility is to sale, and Trump may sale the US to Russia or any countries Trump has big investment with!

When 1/5 women on college campuses are sexually assaulted and this idiot chooses to engage in this sort of rhetoric to deflect his words !!!! Jesus. Is this not a big enough problem for you??

I still don't get why Hillary allowed Trump to use "locker room banter" as an excuse for his talk of sexual harassment, intimidation and assault caught on tape. In a country with a culture of rape on college campuses and sports institutions like the NBA and NFL, where many rapists are not held accountable, victim shaming is still the rule and police officers question victims about how they were dressed, what they drunk or did to be raped, it is unacceptable to have this sort of talk in locker rooms. A presidential candidate is basically saying that the behind closed doors rape culture is okay.
#HillaryClinton #CNN #NYT

She has more self control in her pinky than he has in his entire body! She's proven that over an over by not bursting out laughing everytime he opens his flap!!

People who have great respect for women do not grope and force themselves on women. He cannot undo what he has done. Facts do not lie.

Is his only argument to say he is one thing and then repeat he is the best at said one thing...I've heard this phase what seems a million times with him. Shits weak

Hmm, Hillary didn't exactly address or apologize to the rape victim in the crowd. In fact, she avoided the entire topic! Absolutely insane!

She is a fighter and never give up!!  
The only sentences on the whole debate that he says that was true and the only question that he knew how to answer without show his ignorance😂😂 the guy is a idiot🙈

Was that what he was showing towards his opponent last night? When he was following her around the stage and hulking closely behind her in a threatening and intimidating manner? When he said he would abuse the power of the presidency to put an opponent he doesn't like in prison? When he brags about the abuse of women? Duly noted. I think I'd like to reject being 'respected' by Trump.

It is NOT locker room talk. It is a statement that shows that you see nothing wrong with sexual assault. It is a CULTURAL problem here that it is written off as a "boys will be boys" type of statement. You were nearly 60 when you made that comment, which means you were definitely old enough to know better.

Payaso bocón, violento, ciclotímico esquizofrenico q anda metiendo terrorismo mediático para armar el miercolero en el mundo. Se imaginan este personaje tomando decisiones sabias y tranquilas para no exponer a una tercera guerra Mundial? Ojalá todos los Dioses iluminen a los norteamericanos para q NO voten por este canalla malnacido  abusador.

What the hell does ISIS have anything to do with your disgusting, lewd, perverted and arrogant behaviour?! Crawl back into your tiny mansplaining hole and don't come out. This world doesn't need another nasty, despicable, bigot like you.

"Trump is a man with a vision for America, not a specific vision, a great vision...the best vision...Trump has a plan to make this country great again....What plan??....a great plan...a plan that will work because it's the best plan.....Why???... because Trump knows good people...which people???....the best people....people that are not stupid like other people....people who know how to get deals done...what deals???...great deals...the biggest deals... because I know words... What words???...I have the best words... I get my information from watching TV... I consult with myself because I have a great brain... A great brain???...the best brain...Trump will also build a big wall to keep Mexicans out and he will make Mexico pay for it!...How....??? its all part of the great plan!...ISIS will be gone very, very quickly...How???... I won't tell you.. It's a secret !!!... (This guy is a “one-man circle jerk” and he is only about entertaining the uneducated who love him and his great plan. He's all air - no substance. And he is their “Champion”.)

He still does not accept responsibility as indicated by his "locker room talk" and "everybody does it" attitude.  I have said for years that Trump is an emotionally unstable person.  Notice that he constantly makes remarks such as, "No one has more respect for women than I do."  He is delusional to the point that he thinks he is the best at everything he does.  He is incapable of discussing important national issues.  He basically "has plans - great plans!" I am constantly amazed that he has so much support!

The last chance that he had to show he made mistake and he is not that man any more!!
But what he did just double down on it!
And turn it around to some old crap 
I think he doesn't BELIVE he made rape allegations that he been accused many time before !!
And his talking about double standard!?!

Trump says anything...whatever he thinks people want to hear...whatever he feels "at the moment"...truth? Integrity? Thoughtful and Intelligent responses?...he either is just plain clueless, careless, or incompetent...or all three!

Iam really a sexist pig but when I make it public And the people don't warm to my morals I do a backflip in order to try win them back , but little do i know that it's just going to f**k me up more😂.#getalifetrump!

So let me get this straight... Bill Clinton had an affair with an intern, fathered a baby (possibly more than one) and abandoned him. Hillary defended a child rapist and Bill Clinton knowing that he sexually assulted all those women, had people killed in Benghazi, deleted 33k emails on a private server, systematically created and armed ISIS, had 6 billion dollars unaccounted for as Secretary of State. And the media doesn't care. Donald Trump said something 11 years ago in a "locker room conversation" and the media is now going crazy. The hypocrisy is astounding!#AmericaStandsWithTrump #TrumpPence2017

He is rude, disrespectful and completely disgusting! He refers to Hilary as her and she. He does NOT say one thing he will do or especially how he would do anything! He does not stick to the issues. This is a complete attack, not a debate
Very disappointing!!
You

Harth first brought a sexual harassment lawsuit against Trump in 1997, which was later dropped as a condition for settling a separate contract dispute with Trump. In the original complaint and subsequent accounts, Harth described several alleged instances in which Trump sexually harassed and groped her, as well as one instance of attempted rape, when they were business partners in the 1990s. Her accusations were included in comprehensive reporting on Trump’s dangerous misogyny and behavior with women by The Boston Globe in April and The New York Times in May.

Why is he allowed to take the microphone anymore.... since when are we listening to insanes,,,, in the middle age this were the "fools", he might even had been unable to work as a "jester"...because even a "jester" needs a minimun of intelligence and self-reflection...

What does ISIS have to do with his comments he made in 2005. "nobody has more respect for women than I do"? Seriously he said horrible things during his campaign about women and their rights. Talking about how medivial ISIS is? He is too!

Thanks to this rascal
Every Jihadi is happy that he will do their job of finishing US if elected 
All enemies incl Russia and China are grinning at his criminal tantrums 
US is a laughing matter that she is enabled a porki this far in a democracy

The 1st question that was asked was a very basic question.. neither Hilary or Trump answered the question... yes, both agreed it was wrong but neither stated how they felt about their campaign was running.. instead they took off in left field please stick to the questions only nothing more or less

Hillary and Obama don't say Radical Islamic terror because they believe all of Islam is the same. Conservatives can say it because they know there is a difference between peaceful Muslims and radical ones

It's disgusting and embarassing that such a man is even a consideration for leading our country. Shame on anyone who is still supporting him. His character couldn't be more revealing of how unfit he is for this.

This guy is really fooling the American people, playing with them, treating them as if they were  idiots. Mrs. Clinton is a respectable lady, a pity that she must be exposed to this kind of trash. She has my deep admiration.

Donald Trump is a rugged, easy language, very direct and a bit rude. Kind of like Archie Bunker or if you wish Tommy Lapid. From here to make it clear and concrete danger "global peace and stability," the distance is immense. Hard to shake the feeling that the "hysteria" surrounding the image media scheduled, coordinated and deliberate. Uniformity of the messages, the single line, identification with one side only without criticism, without reservations, without delving into Clinton's dubious past too transparent. Eyes mobilization of the authors' democracy far more frightening Western Donald Trump.

Ohhh.God...Hillary brought out all the woman libs.... seriously men speak very very very raunchy ways in private this was nothing compared to things that I ordered by accident from time to time

What does ISIS have to do with Trump groping women. I couldn't find the connection. He was asked about his bragging of grabbing women genitals. He turned that question into a  foreign policy statement!

You did not apologize. You "apologized" if it offended people. I can tell you your talk is not something that is said in a locker room. I'm so sick of you trying to blame your words and actions on others. Grow up.

I hate that man too he such a lier. He's on dope hard. He so stupid & ignore. He looks like a lier. That man is very disrespectful to women &  he will never change.

"In polemical tones all too familiar to modern ears, Romans lambasted their leaders as lunatics, murderers or imbeciles or lionized them as heroes or geniuses." - David Potter, 'The Emperors of Rome "

yeah so much respect for the female presidential nominee he held that press conference beforehand accusing her husband of rape.

look at his stupid "u turn"after catching red handed, actully he dn,t have guts like a responsible,mature and calm politician
he dn,t deserve presidentship of America

Has the line been drawn in the sand for Republicans? With Donald Trump's misogynist comments, will Republicans continue to drown in the quicksand of their rationalization by using moral equivalency between Trump's words and behaviors and that of Bill Clinton's 20 years ago. 
When they close the curtain on election day, if they choose to pull the lever for the Republican nominee, somewhere in their heart they must live with the reality that they are acknowledging that Donald Trump's perception of the world is theirs as well.

The fact that this male has the gall to say that he respects women on national TV and do it with a straight face should scare the hell out of everyone. We have just witnessed a sociopath in action.

Says a man with 2+1 failed marriages (current one counted as she shows no self-respect) + rapist (words from 1st wife). Take this clown away soon. He dislikes strong, smart women. He dislikes Clinton.

If no one has more respect for women than him, we are screwed!! No body does anything better than trump, at least according to him.  I guess no one is more humble than him either!  I mean come on!!

except when I'm kissing them against their will or groping their p**y or forcing my way towards them without their permission...really?!

Bill Clinton would comment but he was almost IMPEACHED for fingering an intern with a cigar, and since has continued to RAPE RAPE AND RAPE with his wife right there video taping it with a camera.

With all the world messed up by policies of Obama and Hillary, this is the focus chosen. Trump prioritizes quite well, amid repeated interruptions to throw him off track by her (Radditz, as expected) and him (Cooper, surprised me a little). Once again we all got to see the imbalance between how each candidate is handled by the media. Radditz was practically rabid and once or twice startled even me all the way here on the west coast. Good for everyone to see. The pettiness.

They both interrupt each other. Hillary is harping on Donald for the disrespect of woman. Its really displaced anger she has for Bill. Yoy can see its rooted.. LOL.

He's not sorry. All he provides is an excuse and then goes back to rambling about the few topics he thinks he understands. How embarrassing that he is actually a presidential candidate.

She is an amazing woman for keeping her composure. I would have ripped his face off by now.

I don't have popcorn dam it this show is worst than the fight of the real housewives they all scream and none say a word that is worth listen!

Everything that comes out of his mouth connects directly with ISIS...because he knows that it is the only thing that American people fear is them, even though ISIS never made a direct attack in USA soil...he will go directly to President just saying ISIS every time and that he will destroy them....

The late Professor Randy Pausch once said, 'When it comes to men who are romantically interested in you, it’s really simple. Just ignore everything they say and only pay attention to what they do.' I'm pretty sure we can apply the same thing here....

At his rallys trump repeats a few words over and over and the followers cheer "lock her up" "build a wall". No facts needed. Just like tonight's tv show, er, debate.

Locker room talk indeed! Why doesn't he follow his own nose, buy a sport team to be president of, and take himself off to the locker room where he belongs.

I think all you women complaining should stop. Stop asking respect from some stupid/narcissistic man, but instead earn it by showing you can do better! That's it.

Hillary won this debate. He was so bitter at the start. telling her he will have her investigated and put her in jail. He tried not to be a bully but he was and arrogant. He supports the bombing in Syria of innocent children and civilians. I think Hillary will be the next and first female president.

Why don't they ask 
Question like that To Hillary?! She's what an angel?! In America people think they're free to choose but unconsciously they were affected and kinda forced to choose this or that person, so its propaganda to defend Her and represent her in a best light and exactly the opposite for Trump (The SNL episode about debate for example) I don't like none of em, but you can't make laugh of someone just because how they look or the way they talk, sniff or whatever, that doesn't mean he's a bad candidate! At least he's adequate, she's not! I mean look deeper, she's just a marionette, you unconsciously forced to choose her cuz there's no alternative

I hate the way he constantly says "No one is better at ____ than I am, No one knows more about _____ than I do"  Those are completely unrealistic statements for anyone to make.

Hilary has no respect for the American people either. The lies keep coming and then she lies again to cover them. The closer the election the more I dislike both of them. Scared of the future.

It does make any sense. Answer the question. He thinks that he's so smart, but people can understand the bullishit he said. This is ridiculous, only think that he's here, run for president is ridiculous.

Locker room talk? My husband goes to a locker room 5 days a week to change his clothes for a workout, and swim,and he's never heard men, young or old, talk this way in a locker room. He's pathetic😞

It is so ridiculous. I feel so sorry for Hillary, she deserves someone much better to debate with. It's like a college professor discussing issues to an arrogant elementary kid that knows nothing but insulting people.

What is he talking about.. ugggr why did American people vote for this crap. By any chance, if he win the whole world would laugh.... guy's vote for Hillary.

The man really has a brain disorder seriously I'm not kidding how could he stand there and say he has respect for woman? My god help us all VOTE BLUE up and down that ticket 🇺🇸

Saying you have great respect for women and behaving with respect are two different things. Trump saying he didn't "do those things", simply confirms that he's a liar.

He was extremely disrespectful.  Trying to intimidate her,  stalking her on that stage.. It conjured up sickening thoughts of what the women he has been accused of sexually assaulting and groping went through. Nightmare of a person!

you keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means. the word you were thinking of is contempt. you have great contempt for women. you obviously have respect for no one.

TNR. Donald Trump just promised to abuse his power as president and prosecute Hillary Clinton if elected.“Lock her up!” has been the unofficial motto of the Trump campaign since the Republican National Convention in July. But though he clearly enjoys it,

Hillary tried to destroy women that her husband raped......or had consenting sexual encounter with while married. She did not just stand by her man as the poor woman that had been cheated on and disgraced. she went after those women and tried to further ruin their entire lives. Imagine being raped and then the wife of the rapist comes to destroy your life. How low of a human being do you have to be to do that ? to me that is defenseless.....And now she says she wants to be the voice of all women ?

I think the Americans voting for Trump have no clue... by voting for him the whole world is going to laugh. I will miss Mr. Obama he was wonderful president.

He thinks that we are literally stupid enough to believe him just because his toothless,  meth head, neo Nazi, inbred followers believe him.

Literally say anything to get a vote. This election just proves how much reform is needed and how stupid our general population really is. Scary scary stuff.

Throughout the history of feminism, women's right issues were continuously put off, disregarded, and ridiculed because graver and more important things were happening. The only times anything was ever achieved in this department was when women believed their cause to be as just as any other. Ending sexual harassment is as important as the defeat of ISIL, and we will have no one tell us otherwise— most definitely not a groper, sexist, misogynistic, woman-hater presidential hopeful.

Oh yes, we all know that's true! Trump agreed with Howard Stern's lewd comments about his own daughter. 
That is simply disgusting!!!

Eh, most men have more respect for women than Trump does. Ha ha, you trump supporters are dumb as a post. He continues to lie and you lap it up!

That was awesome. I was laughing so hard. My husband had to leave because he couldn't stand Trump. I just sat there and laughed. I wish I could help Trump. He needs help. What people are advising him? They suck.

This would be hilarious if it were not so ridiculous. It's kinda like The Godfather saying "nobody has more respect for life than I have."
Okay, I'm up off the floor now. But still laughing. :-D

F'king lying,dickhead.You have respect for no one and nothing but your enormous ego.Crawl back under the rock you came from,scum of the earth.😡

I can not wait , I am sure Trump is gonna try to run for presidency in four more years, that is when Kenny West mention is going to run for presidency too, it is gonna be great seeing Trump vs West in a debate, I can not wait!!

So it is totally ok to degrade women in the locker room? Because that is a manly man's space and discussing the assault of women is just Bros talking with Bros? Erm no. Mofo.

The superlatives. I wish he had paid someone to be awake during the other grammar/composition lessons....

Mr. Trump said again and again that Secretary Hillary is a liar. I do not think he has any respect for Mrs. Clinton as well as woman. Liar is not a gentleman word.

So, Alicia Machado and Nancy O'Dell are not women? He didn't respect his first wife or second wife...are they not women, either?

Democrats can not be trusted. The recording of Trump 10 yrs ago in a private conversation, without his knowledge that he was being recorded, clearly in jest and purposefully made public is a form of character assassination. As if democrats like clinton are people of good character. Lol

Man, I love the way he says things. It is always I have the best thing for someone, no one has more of that thing than me. 😂😂😂😂😂😂 Every single time. This guy is baked 24/7.

Hillary is proof a woman can work hard, rise to the top of her field & still have to compete against a less qualified man for the same job.

Omg - ha - can't imagine what his words and actions would be if he did not respect -women - oh please - go somewhere and sit your butt down!

Este homem é repugnante, ele pode ser rico, famoso, mas na minha opinião ele é asqueroso em fim ja mas votaria em uma pessoas dessa sem escrúpulos é nogento!!!!!

Locker room talk about assaulting women?  An entire debate of interrupting Hillary and pacing closely behind her while she spoke is hardly respectful.

Awwww poor Trump, he just confused respect and lust. They're so close in the dictionary, simple mistake, bless his heart. /sarcasm

Trump: You don't know the meaning of respect, can't even show respect towards your own daughter! you have no respect, both within you or from anybody.

How does anyone get away with saying locker room talk in 2016? Has he been in a cave with other cavemen for the last 50 years?

He's a pig, an authoritarian who wants to use the oval office for personal vendettas. He's a sexist bigot who brags about sexual assault.

Donald this question had nothing to do with Isis you stupid pig. Oh and by the way where is this locker room at ?

who gave more to their Country, the injured veteran living on $15,000 a year, or the guy who got out of paying taxes for twenty years?

He doesn't know what the word means...even his demeanor and his body language during shows how little respect if any...he has for women...

He is SORRY THE TAPE IS OUT.  OH WAIT..... there are a lot more tapes to show how big and repulsive pig he is!!!!!! Just wait!!!!!

Trump needs to look up the definition of the word respect. It's the opposite of the way he treats women (and anyone who disagrees or is different from him).

Maybe bill clinton has more respect ? Love how all the clinton supporters have nothing to say about that poor row of woman.

Liberals are hung up on sexual discussions of Trump I guess they want it to be more like "paint me a picture" what's up with that

the party line.... Let's see .... Newt Gingrich (cheated on former wives with subsequent) Giuliani (cheated on wife) Oh, geezz, I don't have time to list 'em all. Here's a handy guide:http://zplonk.tripod.com/cheating_republicans.html

I can't stop laughing... he called himself a gentleman!!

No one is smarter than him, better looking, more successful, has more respect for women...Trump is awesome...just ask him! What a joke!

Teeny teeny tiny hands.. little itty bitty hands... really really small.. oh poor poor Milania is that how I spell that bad C Models name 🙀🙀🙀

Now THAT IS funny and just one more lie. The most unfit person to ever run for president of the USA (or maybe any country).

Bill Clinton has respect for woman. Hillary is no better than Trump. Shes a fraudelant scammer. I trust him over her anyday.

That's equivalent to Jk Rowling saying " I feel a great deal of animosity towards Harry Potter. No one hates him as much as I do."

Way to brush over sexual assault as a "locker talk." That's exactly what the problem is, that men can talk to assaulting women in a locker room as a joke.

What is he saying , is this an apology,a statement,  what is Trump saying....he makes no sense, "it's locker room stuff", guess what this is the real world!!!

Get angry, voters. Get furious! Then use that rage to get as many people to the polls as possible to VOTE BLUE! VOTE HILLARY! This man must be stopped from EVER seeing the Presidency! VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!

All of you for presidents  !!!!!!!! or Bill Clinton agan  ?????? that's he nows haw to respect women  ?????? and he is behind her hellowww

It couldn't be any clearer -- only one candidate on that stage has a proven record of fighting for women and children. See for yourself: http://hrc.io/2dpnmup

That's the biggest crock of cr*p I've ever heard. Stay away you creepy man. He literally gives me the creeps, he is such a sexual predator. So many women have complained about him. It's a pattern. And the way he talks about his daughter is completely incestuous. No wonder he lost custody of his kids.

I too changed my vote to Hilary. I don't think my brain or heart can take to listen to his nonsense for 8 years. He is way too much to handle. Way toooo negative.

This was NOT "locker room talk" that any man I've asked recognizes--they call it "perv talk."  Sexual predators (including the subset we know as pedophiles)NEVER VOLUNTARILY REFORM. They merely learn how to seem contrite and to be more clandestine in satisfying their appetites.

"Because I cherish women" are not only Trump's words, they also are words of creeper dudes who think of women as their personal possessions.

Respecting your fellow Americans includes paying taxes. Al Capone did jail for not paying taxes. Donald Trump doesn't have any respect for any Americans.

He promised to prosecute her. That is awesomely huge. Finally. Someone wants to give us some justice against this evil and corrupt cartel. I'm Voting For Jill Stein on November 8, 2016 A women we can trust. She has not been treasonous.

You don't have to choose between Bill's principal enabler and Trump. Vote Gary Johnson. 

BTW before you mention Aleppo read below. 
Hillary,"we were under sniper fire"

Hillary,"we left the Whitehouse dead broke"

Hillary,"I was instrumental in the Irish peace process"

Hillary,"A hateful video caused Benghazi"

Hillary replied “I don’t know” a whopping 327 TIMES during her e-mail investigation. After SMASHING 13 iPads and iPhones!

Hillary," We all knew he was guilty as hell *laughs*" -when talking about a child molester she defended and won for 

Hillary, “floozy,” “bimbo” and “stalker,”effort to cast doubt on the Bill's accusers. 

Wolff: “And Brexit? Your position?” Trump: “Huh?” 
Wolff: “Brexit.” 
Trump: “Hmm.” 
Wolff: “The Brits leaving the EU.” 

Trump,"I remember watching the firefighters on 7/11"

Trump,"I will defend article 11 of the constitution!"

Trump,"I don't know why there are 13 stripes on the flag"

Trump thought Quds=Kurds

Trump,"I don't think my daughter Ivanka would pose for playboy, although she does have a very nice figure, I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter perhaps I'd be dating her"

Trump about a married woman:"Yeah, that’s her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." 
"Grab ’em by the p***y. You can do anything."

If Trump gets elected the people of USA would certify themselves to be absolute idiots... I mean wake up people?? Still a huge 37% support him... Whyyyy?¿?

who is talking to. I know he is taking american people like stupids first by not paing his taxes and he is as ignorant as the poor spirit who was lucky to get money by the worst means inheritance than i can't qualifie him as business man nor as an educated man. The only thing that he is good at it is bullying  and we don't want a bulle President.

it's lucky Anderson Cooper didn't ask Trump if he paid off the now 34 year old woman who sued Trump and Epstein for repeated raping her when she was 13 years old. Look up the suit. He is a rapist. And he assaulted his then wife Ivana also and paid her off for her silence. What say you?

Everybody is more respectful to women then Donald trump

Can't someone tell him to stop looking like a very old moping child? LOL

Except when he keeps interrupting and talking over Clinton.

What a Toddler, no that's discriminating against toddlers there are no words!!!

Voting against this man is the most patriotic thing you can do. Please vote.

You heard it here first, folks. Trump is the gold standard in respect for women.

Stfu. Men don't talk like that. Sexual predators and misguided little boys talk like that. Not grown men.

Oh just shut up. To say that Captain Khan would be alive is pure insanity!

In the end...Trump might be a danger to the USA but Hillary is a danger to the whole world...Trump cant and wont start WW3 Hillary and friends are already getting ready for war!...

What a complete JOKE!!!! When are we going to wake up from nightmare? I can't believe this is really happening.

this is just a despicable man. and you, sir, haven't seen a locker room or a gym in a veryy veryy long time.

I'm not laughing...It's frightening this man is running for president!

I think trump was raised by wolves he could not have been raised by a women

It sounds like a headline from the Onion except the scary thing is that it's not.

If he killed a puppy, the next day he would say "I have great love puppies, nobody has more love for puppies than I do."

The question was about women. He says the word "women" four times and "ISIS" six times. Great example of idgaf-ery while campaigning.

Ten minutes in, I would say that the cocaine Trump used this debate is worse. #Debate2016 Andy Borowitz

Well Hillary blames the victims of abuse and call them " Bimbos" and narcissistic toons or pays them to shut them up . That is respect? Unbelievable

Thats why there isn't a single adult in this country that would leave their daughters alone in a room with you, Trump. So respectful.

Bill Clinton is THE most insulting and dangerous man to any woman and his wife's enabling is a poor example for women in general and specifically for young women.

R-E-S-P-E-C-T. FIND OUT WHAT IT MEANS TO ME.

Is this Alec Baldwin on Saturday Night Live? Is this a parody of Donald Trump? If not, he's lying. Again.

I thought for a second I was watching SNL...WHAT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?

Sniffing like an addict , keeping his eyes like slits so you can't see his pupils??? He is a disgrace

Really!! I'd say most people have more respect for women than Trump!!

What the hell does locker room talk have to do with ISIS?

It is a miracle that lightning didn't strike him dead after that lie.

Not sure Trump knows what the definition of respect is.

You keep using that word, I don't think you know what it means.

That's quite a Sniffer. How will you take care of ISIS?

He doesn't deserve to be on that stage! Such an embarrassment!!!

He is a disrespectful pig 🐷- not just to women, but the current president, people of various faiths, and the facts.

I think he needs a dictionary to look up the definition of respect.

Trump is using the word "disaster" way too much. Are people falling for it now?

NOBODY???? Randy Van Nostrand you dont have as much respect for me as Donald Trump.;...I want a divorce...

You have GOT to be kidding me, he is a train wreck who does not deserve the stage😳

Congrats to our first female president! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸

It's like an SNL skit with him lurking around the stage behind her while she speaks.

I have the best respect for women, I should know, the best. The Mexicans are paying for it. My sources are the best. The. Best.

That was the second biggest lie of the campaign. The first was that he is a gentleman.

Maybe his definition of respect is different than that mine...

C'mon America, you can't possibly consider this terrible person as President

Imagine if he didn't respect women?! # lyingsociopath

Nobody has LESS respect for women than the rapist Donald Trump. He'd sell his own daughter for a dime.

Trump has NO respect for anyone not named DONALD TRUMP

I have binders full of men with more respect for women than Trump. Binders full.

What? Trump didnt withdraw from the race yet ?! After what he said it would be the least thing to do...

Ummm--something doesn't add up here? Donald J. Trump? You didn't REALLY say this right? #confused

The only remark that got a bigger laugh was when Trump referred to himself as a "gentleman."

Is this real life? I think I'm stuck in a huuuge National nightmare.

If he is an example of someone with respect for women, we women are all in serious danger!

Wish someone made his undiagnosed narcissism an issue in this campaign.

"I could stand in the middle of 5th Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't lose voters."

How he can say something so preposterous with a straight face!

he probably thinks he will grab ISIS by the p----...Oh boy, how many more days until election? Please go away Trump!

Can we just just agree that superlatives are the mark of bad writing/rhetoric? No one is 'the most' anything. I teach that to my MCAT students as a sure sign of a wrong answer because it's unprovable.

The question has nothing to do with ISIS, it's to do with your character, you moron!!!

Well, I didn't need a fact-check to know that was a lie.

What a f*<%ing joke! I wish he could answer ONE QUESTION!

You need to crawl back in the hole you came out of!

I would hate to see how he would act if he didn't have respect for women.

Vaginas are expensive, Miss Piggy, Grab their pussys are respect for women

On the record.. Donald Trump has never groped or kissed a woman without consent.

StevenClémentJulie sa réponse à la vidéo "you've to grab them by the p***y", absurde "We've to stop ISIS"

What an a**hole, sadly he believes the majority of people are buying his lies

Yeah right, I do believe the tape of your supposed "locker room talk" proves other wise!!!!!

Even Charlie Sheen and Mel Gibson just got hernias from laughing so hard.

That's the best illustration of who is Donald Trump: the worst liar of the year

Don't forget.... he also knows more than all the generals!

EVERYBODY has more respect for women than you do, jack@ss.

Wondering , who's gonna be the next American President?! Following all performances and speeches of Mr.Trump and Mrs.Clinton.

Judging from this interview, it seems like Donald trump has more respect for Isis than women, not kidding at all.

Can we get one of those parenthetical "false" banners under this?

He's a goddamn sociopath

Lusting and respecting are not synonyms, Mr. Trump. Disgraceful.

WRONG. Literally everyone has more respect for women than Donald Trump does. E V E R Y O N E.

Welcome Mr.Trump.Can't wait to see you as the head of the State.

Get over it! Mr Donald J. Trump did GREAT! He has certainly won this debate.

I don't agree with what either one of them said about women. They are BOTH guilty .

Donald Trump you nide to have hevos I can give you mine when you said something you nide to say yes I did don't be stupid

Literally, every person I know has more respect for women than Donald Trump. EVERY SINGLE PERSON.

Donald Trump’s threat to imprison Hillary Clinton is a threat to democracy

Anderson: You brag that you sexually assulted women
Donald: It's locker room talk so I can say what I want. People hear these things but it doesn't mean I said them. This is a horrible world and we need to take care of ISIS
YO GUYS I THOUGHT THAT I WAS HARD TO FOLLOW WHEN I SPOKE 😂😂😂
 Oyin Aderibigbe Ushindi Masilya Shanti Froud Lucas Grande Fidel Sebastian Bethany Mostert

What is it Donald if you keep saying this women will believe you... forget it.. when I see you I feel utter disgust!

So far he's winning! I hate to say it, but Hillary really looks like she's lying

And he also "knows the tax laws better than anyone."  He is a big bag of hot air.

Trump has more respect for women than Bill Clinton...

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 I can't stop laughing at the ridiculousness of this statement

He's a Question Dodger  of the First order! All fluff no substance.

"Do you realize that you have bragged about assaulting women?"
"ISIS!!!!!!"

?!?!? this man is a piece of work

I would hate to see his disrespect he holds for women then !!! 🐀🐍🐷🐀🐍🐷🐀🐍🐷🐀🐍🐷

Anyone who has voted for either of these people? You're the problem... this is disgusting

He only respects them while he commits sexual battery on them!

Locker room talk is the reason why 1 in 6 women are raped in their lifetime.

Trump seriously does not have the first clue about respect. It's like he equates *attraction to women* with *respect for women*.

Yeah we heard how much respect he has for women on that bus.

Donald Trump won the debate Hillary did absolutely horrible

Jeez! If that's true, how would he talk if he didn't respect women? I shudder to think.

He stalked behind Hillary and rudely interrupted her. Not reflective of respect.

"Have you ever done those things?" Trump:  "No, I have not."

I'll just wait right here for that other shoe to drop. LOL

Nobody? Nobody Trump? Really? Not one person. Just that statement is hard to believe by generalizing like that. 😂😂😂😂😂 How did anyone keep a straight face after that statement

Donny - men who respect women don't use locker room talk as you did. Ever.

If he has more respect than anyone else I'd hate to see what "everyone else" is like!

He gave his base what they wanted to see: a lying disrespectful uninformed bully. Bravo!

he must have been biting the inside of his cheek to stop himself from laughing at himself.

Nobody? Millions of Americans have more respect for women than you do!

And if you believe that statement, I have a bridge I can sell you in New York.

Donald Trump has respect for women about as much as I have ovaries.

since when is calling a woman a liar and threatening her called respect?

RAPIST!!!! He DOES NOT RESPECT WOMEN!!!! He is a Repulsive PIG!!!!!!!

If this were true, women would be in a world of hurt.

Let's pretend that's true! What a garbage world we'd live in.

He's a great joker America has ever produced. No country has produced a joker like him. 

"You first. I'm a gentleman" 😂😂

He respects the disabled, veterans, Hispanics and African Americans too! #WeAreTheWorld

A truly Respectable Person wouldn't lower themselves to say the rude comments about women EVER. That what Respectful means.

I think he meant to say "everyone" has more respect for women than I do.

That is beyond the pale. Doesn't pass the laughability test

Is he now running for comedian in chief? I don't think he will be very good at that job either.

Beyond the most ludicrous comment of the night. He believes it though! I think his handlers told him to say that. Lol.😂

"Nobody is more anything ever than me. Believe me. I'm fantastic."

This is one of the dumbest, most inaccurate things anyone has ever said.

He doesn't understand what the word "respect" means, it's obvious.

I am shocked he is able to say this with a straight face. What a moron

Yes of course you do, by saying you'll openly grope them. Are you for real?

Hell yeah, you are the only one who believes in those lines.

Um, Trump respecting women? I think everyone will be rating that statement as extremely false. 😂

Just what America needs........if this was the movie idiocracy.

I think he has no idea the amount of feminine anger he has just unleashed.

...and if you believe that, I have some swamp land in Florida I'd like to interest you in.

I almost gave him a Kleenex. He was so touched when apologizing on what he said. You were not convincing Donald.

He had plenty of respect for his first two wives until he got tired of schtupping them.

He says while he stalked menacingly around on stage behind HRC.

If you were taking a drink every time he sniffed you'd already be drunk.

clearly his definition and almost everyone else's is completely different!

So funny......just the person who claims to not be a racist.....! Oh hang on that's him too!

If he can't objectify and abuse them or put them down, he has nil use for women.

So you need to compare yourself to ISIS in order not to look so bad?

Trump has great respect for women and porn stars are Virgins . True story !

Shameless salmon-coloured puss-filled numpty-headed windbag.

And, you locker room, having NEVER defended your country or EVER respected women!

Ill talk about beheadings overseas so as to distract from my misogyny... good move. He is a mockery to this election

He's right there's more important things to be concerned about than locker room talk

It's just words, folks. It's just words. Why should anyone believe these words and not your other words.

He's gone from looking orange tanned to looking like he has a dirty face!

I think I like him more that that Hillary lady thats also running. Im glad I dont have to vote though

You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.

This is going to be a clip in a museum one day, people will marvel at our strange and dangerous age.

He actually said that with a straight face. Incredible.

He doesn't have a clue on respect, honor, or intelligence!

You can keep saying that, but it doesn't make it true!

And I have a big bridge I want to sell you, a big beautiful, famous bridge you're going to love, trust me...

Es un majadero, empezando como se comporta en los debates y la historia que tiene sobre las mujeres que ha tratado.

Yeah right! He has no respect for anyone other than himself.

Only stupid people could believe any of his words about it...

Women will not be fooled by this vindictive, small man who degrades women more than any public figure in years.

Why is Trump constantly glowering like an ogre in a fantasy story?

His threat to jail her, his political opponent, is what they do in Russia, Thailand, and Iran.

Yeah, sexually assaulting women is respecting in his own little world.

Nah muthafucka - don't try to dance around the issue. Just apologize stop bringing up Isis .

It's a shame that he had hesitation to answer the question...

he is confusing having respect for women with lusting .God made women beautiful and smart but treating women like objects is not respecting them.

What's the confirmed deaths of Americans by isis? This isn't like those "weapons of mass destruction" is it ? Lol

That's why I grab them by the pu$$y and jam my tongue in their mouths- I'm a star!! 👅👅👅

And he said it with a straight face. No conscience and no soul b

I couldn't believe he actually said that!!

Audacious performance for a man that is currently accused in federal court of raping a 13 year old.
http://www.snopes.com/2016/06/23/donald-trump-rape-lawsuit/

Trump doesn't respect anyone or anything unless he sees it in a mirror.

Men with "great respect for women" don't engage in locker room talk.

My ex who used to beat the sh*t out of me also said that same exact line.

We haven't seen the carnage because we weren't taught that..but...Happy Thanksgiving!!!

'I am the greatest dog lover ever. No one has more respect for dogs than I do' - Michael Vick

That's one of the most ridiculous and asinine things I've heard.

Like pimps, 
Chump Trump!!!

All bizness, right?
A houseful of furniture.

So is this what he's meant all this time about his problems with Gina?

I guess he shows that great respect by grabbing their p----ies!

He has no respect for anybody except himself...catch tonight's FRONTLINE on PBS later tonight

Absurdly crazy! He came out of nowhere with this ISIS thing?! Nonsense

Yes repeal affordable care act. $5000 deductible..cant even use it

Does he actually think of all the humans, he has the most respect for women.

Being a Libyan, I can assure you that Trump is the American version of Gaddafi, embarrassing, stupid and pure evil

Watch Jill Stein instead! She's answering the same questions!

He lives in an alternative reality" please go back to your locker room DT

Americans, I advise you to vote wisely otherwise you may regret!!

"Isis is killing people! Why are you asking about my horrific misogyny!"

Hahahahaha just shut up!!! Ms. Clinton was very respectfully!!

Neither Clinton or Trump respect women,,Both like to say they do but they don't,

Issue; respect for women

Answer; We gonna defeat ISIS 

:D

A laughable comment except for its tragically distorted untruth.

If he respect women more than anyone else, god help us.

Nobody is more not stupid than me, I have great words of talking.

What woman on stage? Hillary is hardly a "woman" more like a MONSTER.

Can he stick to one train of thought? Uhhh locker room talk, not proud, Isis drowns people, uhh locker room talk... ok buddy lol

Neither talks about what THEY will ACTUALLY do for the American people.

So I guess the rest of us have less respect for woman than TRump?

Yeah sexually assault some, insult the rest. You are a 1 Donald. Get 'em off!

David Moses
"It's locker room talk - it's one of those things - I will knock the hell out of ISIS."

Judges hear the same statement from sexual predators every day in the criminal courts around the country.

Someone tell Donald that 'respect' and 'lust' don't mean the same thing.

When you think he can't possibly get any worse. He does. Vote blue

There's at least 3.4 billion men who have a lot more respect for women than you.

The biggest crock of sh*t lies any dirt bag, scum bag can spew.

I am quite amused by the fact that the political campaign of both candidates is reduced to questioning the integrity of the opponent.

You owe all women a sincere apology. You did not do that tonight.

Shannon EG Brown... Your reaction proves he is getting under your skin - so funny heeheehee

How can he even say those words and think ANYONE will believe him?

With all the taxes he hasn't paid maybe he can afford a box of Puffs

Wow, you got respect for women, but you cheated on ALL your wives. Was that respect to them??

Please try not to respect women so much Mr Trump. Your idea of respect makes me feel uncomfortable at the lrast

I wonder how many men will now use the excuse "locker room banter" to excuse deplorable behavior.

Cough.... Hand dramatically covers my mouth as I cough b.s.

Nobody has more respect except for maybe everyone!! He sounds like a buffoon!

Schämt Euch Ihr Amerikaner solche Kandidaten aufzustellen!!! Habt ihr nichts besseres??????

He is a joke and is so delusional. How can he keep a straight face and say that sentence...correction, it is scary that he can. He is embarrassing. He did not answer one question asked. Then the one question he did answer, he said he didn't agree with his VP. Seriously?!?  Go Hillary!!!

Lol are you kidding me..he wants to date his daughter...if he could get away with it he would

Every man I've ever known has greater respect for women.

Attacking trump on how he treats women, meanwhile your husband is a rapist and you openly defended him:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHh73fkDUIs

........I just really really like cats. I like cats and I like grabbing cats.

Says the guy who has stated publicly he would doink his own daughter.

Yes and rainbows are red, completely red, burning bright!

And that class is how you avoid answering a question....badly. That how you avoid answering a question very very badly.

Trump is pathetic...he has NO respect for women over 25!!!!!

WRONG! I'm pretty sure I have more respect for women. That's at least one person right there!

Please give that man a dictionary and show him how to look up the meaning of 'respect'.

Sniiiiiiffffffffff. I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. AND I want to sell you ocean front property in Arizona

Haha!! That statement would be hilarious if he weren't a sexual predator.

Dear god, I thought that SNL took over the debate. What am I watching!?

He doesn't know the difference between 'uncontrollable desire' and 'respect'.

well, I guess he always grabs their p**ssies to show his respect

That's almost laughable if it wasn't such a serious issues.

Por si lo preguntais,ESPAÑA,Esta en EUROPA,,si lo preguntais,soys emigrantes europeos,os lo recuerdo

You keep using that word. It does not mean what you think it means.

He's so ridiculous now to say he has so much respect for women please 🤔 get da hell out of here w your lies you clown

DJTrump, if my husband had the "respect " that this scum has for women I would NEVER have given him the time of day!

Cretino!!!!! Aberrações políticas não existem só no Brasil!!!

That's why I make crude and rude comments about women...because I have great respect for them. WTH and SMH!!!

I saw two trumps tonight.  One who is better in foreign policies and second who is disaster in interal policies.

Normally eye rolls are silent, but I'm hearing thousands of them now after reading this.

My mama taught me that if a guy has to say it, it ain't so.

He must have a different perception of respect than I have!!

His so ugly, so stupid, so .... ogh... everything so bad, joy oh joy it's not my choice.

The people that are still following his trail of lie is just astonishing.

As anyone and more honest than the LULA BRAZIL, tries another ...

Como ninguem e mais honesto que o lula-drao... tenta outra

No one has less respect than you do for women. Scumbag.

Oh yea... for sure... that's why he says you should grab women by their p*****. Total lie!

He actually said those words out loud. Amazing. Tremendous.

Definition of problem, Trump believes he has respect for women.

Does any educated human with eyes or ears actually believe this?? Seriously?

The only people who more respect for women than Trump are rapists

His past behaviors, including recent past, belies his words last night.

So joking about sexual assault is excusable because people are getting decapitated somewhere else.

Since I have never spoken about women the way he has, I'd offer that I have more respect for women than him.

Trump👉🏽Cocky & combative. He pranced around the stage like a Banti 🐔 rooster. #justsayno

He was constantly whining about no getting enough time for saying more lies

He walked around on stage to be intimidating while she spoke.

Yes, you are the biggest and best. We have heard it all before.

I do, Donald. I have more respect for women than you do.

In other words, if Donald says Tuesday follows Wednesday it must be true.

This is embarassing, where is the connection between sexually assaulting women and ISIS, I find it funny how he never responds clearly to a question

"And women respect me..." This only applies to women who don't respect themselves and other women.

"We're not a biased media organization" - New York Times, every day.

That is a scarynthought, if he is respectful , I am thin. Lol

If in his warped dictionary "respect' = desire to assault them.

Clara Mauviel mdr heureusement que non parce qu'on serait dans une sacrée merde

So much respect he owned an event that rated and graded them.

Judge Judy calls that "puffing". And what is with the snorty sniffles?

...none of this equates to respect and good intentions...human conditioning prevails gain... https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Matthew+10%3A16-16%3A10&version=NIV

Yeah it's pretty obvious how much respect Trump has for women

I usually strive to be more eloquent, but I sure do hate your guts, Donald.

My favorite thing he said tonight was "Of course you can go first, I'm a gentleman." 😂😂😂

este hombre me pone de malas, solo se la pasa atacando a Hillary se defiende con pura agresividad y metiendo a gentes que ni tienen que ver.

I'm with you, Shannon E. G. Brown. 😁😁😁😁 He obviously doesn't understand the meaning of "respect". 😣

Are we supposed to believe it? Oh this is such a disaster!

You've got to be kidding me, does this guy ever speak truthfully

His sniffs are aggravating I could not  listen to his commander in sniffles for 4 years #imwithher

Oh, OK, it's all good then. Glad that's been cleared up.

He doesn't know the meaning of the word "respect." I'd like to set Aretha on him!

Doing great Donald- finally letting the public know the truth about Hillary

Benghazi happened because the Republican Congress cut the embassy budget and refused to vote on additional monies for security

He respects women and that is why he grabs them by thier p.... instead of hair.

Trump was good tonight. He made his point. About economy issues, on security issues.

I do! And many people I know do. In fact all of them

The big question is, how do you do you don't pay taxes and be candidate for president

The check is in the mail. I won't *** in your mouth. LOL. Tell me another lie Donald!

Is that a joke? Wait, hold up a second, this clown is already a joke.

Ha, ha, ha! What a joke! Who does he think he is fooling, we heard him several times loud and clear.

Who does this man think he's kidding? The females of the world? 😂😂😂

A high level of professional competence is knowing the business of US profession like Hillary.

He has more respect for idiot, nobody is more idiotic than he is.

He has no integrity. I hope people realize this in time for the election. Actually I pray to God that people realize this.

part of the problem is that some woman think it is ok to be treated by men like Donald,  the way Donald wants to treat women

Yeah right. He is so full of it that his eyes are deep brown

Clever ; -" I don't think so "- The sniffing was worsen than before ;  Locker room talk. ? Ain't no way a guy who 
hold decency to his mother , daughters , sisters , nieces and every other female would say that It was a locker room talk. Sports ; yes .... Locker room talk. Politics ; 👍 yes .... Locker room talk. But downgrading the country's female community is just deplorable and disgraceful behavior.

He always states he loves more or does more or has more respect then anyone else. God help us

Can't even refer to Hillary by name....has to say her, her, her, her

You're a big clown, Trump, and DESPICABLE!!

hahaha..so how do you disrespect women if he model for respecting women?..hahaha..crazy orange tinted silver spoon fed spoiled brat..haha

Se ninguém tem mais respeito por mulheres do que ele estamos fodidas Melissa Toyoshima

Saying it doesn't make it so.  Or there is a very low bar...

He has no idea what respect for women is. He looks at them as objects. He only respects what they do for him.

LOCO Y SINVERGÜENZA SE HACE EL LOCO O PARA PASARSE DE LISTO CON SUS SINVERGÜENZADAS

A newborn baby has more respect for women, as well as the millions of women who think Trump is deplorable.

Voters who want change should vote for Gary Johnson to stop the same old rhetoric that this country has been dealing with since the mid 1800s.

Whenever he says something more than once he is lying about the statement and he is "selling."

He is a pig! He doesn't respect anyone much less women!

Please define respect, so I can respectfully manhandle you sir.

Richard Yan not sure if his meltdown about his temperament is funnier than this or not

Yep, his right hand has a lot of respect for women's crotch. That's about it!

Quit saying that Donald. Does not work for you anymore.

Trump thinks he is in a reallity show, thw World is watching USA, make a smart choise

Wow the guy refuse to answer the question n started talking abt the bad things that r happening in this country which he is one of them

And the best example is my thought emanating from my statement - "if you are a star the let you do it"!

What crisis US is facing that people don't have better choices than Hillary and Trump.

Mentiroso!!!!ridiculo y de terror!!!horror que exista una persona asi!!

Mr Trump- RESPECT does NOT MEAN GRABBING BY THE PU$&$.. just so you know...

Fiona L-O-L une femme avec plus de "money money money" que lui peut-être... :p

I could see the smoke rising from his pants, and no it wasn't his phone on fire!!!!!!!!

No blood on his hands though.cant day that much for hillary

Good answer. You top the list. I do not respect women because that is sadistic. That aspect about me and women isn't violent. She wants to be taken.

The measure of man is not what he does when people are watching/listening, but what he does when people are NOTwatching/listening.

This guy is a disgrace to humanity, he has a filthy mind

He has the nerve to call Hillary a liar! What a jerk! Believe me!

He can't seem to answer a direct question!! Just blow his own horn!!

What the hell is he talking about?! He has no clue about anything.

I have great respect for women when they bend over and let me have my way with them.

And he had the audacity to say "...I'm a gentleman." OMG!!!

How about Hillary saying that she will suport the curds in Siria? NY Times says nothing about it

Delusional Misogynist -he doesn't see HALF the population of the world as being human.
DANGEROUS.

There are two types of liars-pathological and trump.

He tries to write it off as "locker room talk" yet he wants to bring up Bill Clinton's indiscretions?? What a f***ing hypocrite!!!

He's so far removed from sanity it is difficult for the rest of us to fathom.

He's actually a genius. We just don't understand encaustic we're too stupid.

President Bush started the war in Irak. I'm going to dig up those fantastic Scottish insults on your ignorance over Brexit

Is your nose bothering you Donald J Trump your Sniffen you Musta hit it before you left The hotel.

Of course he has great respect for women.... when they let him do what he wants with them.

What about his ex wife who he raped & dragged by her hair! Ugh scary people.

This guy again did not apologize for his tape comments. Please America lets get rid of this monster.

Lol!!! Only an unfortunately dimwitted person would believe that BS!

What a joke this man, well I did need a good laugh...

How many times has trump said "she" instead of using clintons name, disrespectful

Maybe he doesn't actually know the definition of the word respect?

Cannot look or listen to Trump... Pathetic. America wake up! He will create a nightmare world ...

Yeah and you are such a brilliant business man you have never lost nearly a Billion dollars in one year right?

I think that he know that he lie....then the other feel that he know that he lie 😎

Liar Liar, that rug on top of his head should be on fire

“Nobody respects women more than I do" ahahhahahahahahahhaahhahahahhahahahahahah

Mais feminista que eu? Lucas Marinho haha só muda o endereço mas o discurso dos babacões é o mesmo

If he actually believes what he is saying he really has lost all touch with this universe.

And after he is gone, they will remain. Frightening!

Is he trying to replace Alec Baldwin at SNL?  What a joke!

How can he say this in the same room as his wife and children after the release of that tape?

Trump calling Clinton "she" throughout the debate isn't respectful.

Hillary did a good job on this...she pointed out his past and present comments...

The gall of that man has no limits. He has abased his own daughter.

I have to admit he's the greatest clown I ever seen in my life!

Liars everywhere, Hillary is lucky because her crap is bad unless your only other choice is Donald.

It's to bad that neither one of them can't do anything but lie!!

"We know nothing about them ". No, YOU don't. And you don't want to know anything about anyone who is not like you, you cretin.

This guy is cynical! I still cannot believe someone like him is running for US president.

I fear the day that this man may become president of the United States. God help us all.

That is why Kind Gentleman requested politely to a lady carrying a crying baby to "get the hell put of his speech" right?

He never actually answers a question "did you grope women?" 
Trump: "I will destroy ISIS" 
Yeah ok but that wasn't the question

He is the reflection of a very, very stupid Nation!!! The people make the ruler, don't forget that !!!

He respect women and that is why he interrupted Clinton everytime

He's still sniffing! I think what's really happening is that he can't breathe if he is stand! Ohh old man! 👴🏻

The biggest and funniest joke of the decade😂😂😂😂 atleast lie in a smart way

I don't think he knows what respect for women means!

Yeah, 'cause that s the things that shoud be debated here...

TRUMPED UP HOGWASH!!! THE SOCIETY THAT MADE 5O SHADES OF GREY, TWERKING, AND RAP MUSIC A HUGE SUCCESS, IS NOW OUTRAGED OVER A FEW BAD WORDS, BY MR. TRUMP. "IF YOU LISTEN TO RAP MUSIC, GAME OF THRONES, GIRLS, 'ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK', LIKE LAURA DUNHAM, OR THINK BILL CLINTON IS AWESOME, YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE!!"  GIMME A BREAK!! HOW HYPOCRITICAL.

MR. TRUMP WAS NOT PREVIOUSLY A POLITICIAN, CONSEQUENTLY, MUCH OF HIS SPEECH WAS PREVIOUSLY UNGUARDED, AND NOT SCRIPTED, AS OTHER POLITICIANS WE ENCOUNTER. I AM SURE WOMEN HAVE HAD MANY VERY INTERESTING PRIVATE CONVERSATIONS ABOUT MEN THAT HAVE NOT BEEN RECORDED!!!  THIS CONVERSATION IS NOTHING BUT HYPE AND JOKING AROUND. WHY DOES NOT HRC HAVE SUCH OUTRAGE ABOUT HER HUSBANDS PAST ACTIONS IN THE WH. OUR CHOICE IS TO CHOOSE KNOWN CORRUPTION, VS. A MAN WHO MADE A FEW BAD CHOICES OF WORD SELECTION.

As a result, with all of the corruption and lies from this administration and HRC, I could care less about some conversation that has nothing to do with saving this country from the liberal Communist/ Socialist agenda. THESE STATEMENTS WERE NOT MEANT TO BE TAKEN LITERALLY!!

This was just locker room banter, guys do this all the time. This kind of talk is not meant to be public, Just "locker talk"and private conversations. What happened to our Constitutional rights of free speech when talking privately and not violating other people's rights?? Although  this conversation was HYPE, no one was harmed. No feelings would have been hurt if no one had secretly recorded and released this conversation. We should all have the expectations of a certain amount of privacy. We are slowly turning into a Socialist/Communistic country where the government and media are involved in every little nook and cranny of our lives.   MOREOVER, THIS OCCURRED WHEN HE WAS A PRIVATE CITIZEN 11 YEARS AGO AS A BUSINESSMAN WHILE JOKING IN WHAT HE THOUGHT WAS A PRIVATE ENVIRONMENT.  SO SAD AND DANGEROUS!!

WE CANNOT BE DISTRACTED FROM THE REAL ISSUES AND CORRUPTION AFFECTING THIS COUNTRY FROM ALL OF HRC'S CURRENT AND PAST SCANDALS!! WHAT MATTERS MORE,  MR. TRUMP'S DECADES OLD LOCKER TALK, OR CLINTON'S MODERN DAY WISH TO DESTROY THE NATION.

LETS NOT BE DISTRACTED, DEMAND WE TALK ABOUT THE REAL ISSUES. THE DEMS WANT TO DISTRACT THE POPULATION AWAY FROM THEIR HIDDEN AGENDAS HIGHLIGHTED IN WIKILEAKS EMAILS. MAINLY OPEN BORDERS AND A GOLOBALISTIC ECONOMY BASED ON SAUL ALINSKY RULES (COMMUNISM/SOCIALISM). STAY VIGILANT FOR THE STABILITY OF OUR COUNTRY PLEASE.

Respect is a two-syllable word. We can't be surprised that he doesn't understand what it means.

I don't think Trump knows the meaning of respect.

talk about the economy, job creation, Islamic terrorism,....not this stupid he-said, she-said crap....grow up America !!

How did he manage to pull ISIS out of his answer? This man is unbelivable haha

Trump probably thinks groping is a way of showing respect to women:)

All I have to say is has Bill Clinton ever respected women or I guess it's a double standard

What does Isis have to do with sexually assaulting women???

Wow, just....wow. Thank god most men don't have his version of "respect".

Get along with RUSSIA!!! Then he says he nothing about Russia,

Yes, worse things are happening in the world, but it still doesn't justify your actions.

He just insulted the woman who asked the question. Incredible.

Forty five seconds in and he has already sniffled three times. What is going on with that? It's distracting.

Yeah right 
What does your current wife have to say about that

I would be laughing if I did not feel so sad about the state of our nation and it's lack of leadership.

Seriously, again, anyone thinks this guy stands a chance? They should save us time and money and nominate the other one...

Not only does he look and act like a pig now he snorts like one too, what a nightmare this bozo is.

Yes dTrump we can suck mother earth dry ...and die faster ....some of us would like clean water and air ....

I was so insulted when he said that! You're a better person for being able to laugh at him ;) love it!

Camilo Peña 😠 es un tarado. "Nobody has more respect for woman than I do" la mentira más obvia.

Now what are the odds of Trump's opponent losing this election

What locker room does he frequent? The one that sends him back in time to an era where it was acceptable to talk like that in a locker room - maybe before the '60's?

You have respect for women. Do you have respect for Hillary? Then you domt have respect for Hillary!

Are you being sarcastic? You did see that he answered 0 questions....

If this happens to be true, then I should get a divorce and either turn gay, or remain celibate for the rest of my life:(.

So you can be any level of a**hole in the locker room! Racist, sexist, whatever...

This looks like a comedy movie :D

How can a man like him be in a presidential debate first of all??? He has no respect for anyone!

Nobody has more respect for women than he, nobody....

yeah right. cause you really like to tell the truth, dont you?...

Except all of America. And most radical fundamentalist Muslims.

"Nobody has more respect for women than I do." - Who in the world would "buy" that???????

He actually makes that statement with a straight face! Are you kidding me?!

Hahahahahahahahahahah....stop it , you'er killing me....bahahahahaha

Then, all of world population are just nobody, I didn't know that I can be defined as nobody by one of poor creatures.

This has become a sad joke! Sometimes, I wonder if we're being PUNKED!

Is this all some kind of joke ...how can any sane person even consider this a-hole

Are you kidding me?!m God Bless America if this man is its President! Please think before you cast your vote.

Trump out loud: "I have great respect for women". 
In Trumps's head: "Naaaaaaat"

Bill Clinton also had a lot of respect as he let his interns give him head.

Just the way I show respect is different——grab them by the pu😹ssy!

No respect for women!!! He is a liar and he is soooo disgusting!!!

He admitted he knows nothing about Russia, or the US Constitution. Great ad material.

And I was just taking a drink when he said that! I snorted almost as much as him!

Ludicrous to the point of being surreal. He is the very embodiment of disrespect. An orange taliban.

If that the way you show respect, leave my respect behind Mr Gropey!

Oh lordy he is delusionally idiotic. I might wet my pants laughing so much.

What a joke. Nobody believes a word he says when he starts talking about women

Look in the mirror on This Clinton Family about women's injustices first before you play this card.You fools.

But how will you 'take care' of Isis? Explain the plan. #demagogue

If I were blindfolded right now I would think he was snorting lines of Coke on stage.  This man has a serious problem.

Maybe he should stop commenting on the feminity of women, then. He sure has a lot to say about being a woman.

Changed the subject so quickly....and compares his "locker room talk" to Isis!?

He is such a liar. The really weird part is that he doesn't seem to know he is lying.

That must be really scary if you are a woman...

A debate, like a disput of two children in kindergarten. Is this America? I can't believe it!

Apparently, he shows that respect to the beautiful women.

I like how Cooper put him on trial! Like a Daddy- you bragged about misbehaving, do you understand that?

Ahh...so self important. Sir, I decline your so-called respect. I prefer your disdain, as it is more honest.

America don't have to shame him anymore, he's doing a fine job all on his own. #YourFired

Nathalie Michelle answer to question about women: i will defeat isis LOLOLOL

Salvatore Di Fazio new way to defeat ISIS: by grabbing women's genitals...brilliant!

Josette Wilsey I don't understand how anyone thinks this is okay!!!

Anderson Cooper: Mr Trump, do you believe that sexually assaulting women is the way of life? 

Trump: I will knock the hell out of ISIS.

Man, what the hell are you talking about?

I think I do. I think everyone I have ever met does. I have never heard the vile things he says from anyone I know.

You would think, with his billions of dollars, he could afford surgery for his deviated septum.

sniff! sniff! I have tremendous respect for women.. I just grab them by the p"#$#

So here comes the true nature of his so called "apology" before.

The sexual deviant Trump know more about attacks and tabloid than policy, the only True is that is not a politician is an imposter playing one in TV. I didn't learned anything new about his secret plans it still a mystery to me. His knowledge of foreign policy is very limited without a plan for Syria or ISIS but as he started" I know more than the Generals! If that satisfies his base, I wouldn't disagreed with the non-educated.

Isso sim que é piada, mt melhor do que a de vocês Jorge Natan, Daniel

Monique D'souza dafaq does Isis hav to do with his respect for women ?😱😡

Now there's a "pants on fire" statement, if I've ever seen one.

I lier , lire pants on fire! He lies constantly.

I fully expected him to be struck by lightening when he said that.

buhhhhh byeeee asstart Trump...his behavior on the stage is deplorable...GOP is running the other direction

Really you at all and your statements reflecting a terrible moral image about US

Billy Lin Carol Li *no comment bc this deserves no words*

Baaaahaaaaaaaaahaaaa Clearly, he does not know what women define as respect

Thought this was The Onion for a second there.

Quando te fazem uma pergunta que vc nao sabe responder mas responde mesmo assim Laertes C. Junior Luara Codognotto Jenny Gonçalves Roberto Dax João Otávio Tosi

i can CLAIM NOW that Hilary CLINTON WINS the DEBATE HANDSDOWN.

Omg! That's the way he respect women! I wonder how he doesn't.

That foolish idoit has no heart, no empathy and we all know that pea size brain of his was fried out with speed, diet pills and cocaine....he is just as dumb and dim as his DEPLORABLE supporters.... So disgusting....This goes to show that this country is full of DUMB AZZes......Except for those of us who are VOTING BLUE....

Trump does not know how to give us a humble apology for nothing just like Putin

Respectful? So you continually interrupt Hillary... And walk behind & stand behind her as she speaks?

The Republican Party seems to be helpless in dealing with this self proclaimed groper of women.

Bigly the dickinabox clown.  I cannot wait until Nov 8 and you get the drubbing you so well deserve.

you believe that I got ocean front property in Arizona id love to sell you

How about all those women bill and hillary crush under their punitive power?

Every time he called it locker room talk he made it clear. It is advocating rape culture, not inocuous talk.

UH OH.....Donald told Anderson Cooper he's NEVER done those things to women (oh, so he LIED on that bus trip...OR, he's lying in general)....If he never did those things to women, why was he popping TIC TACS after he saw a beautiful woman & said he needed to take the TIC TACS because he has to kiss her....?? !!   FACT-CHECK (or wait for women to surface whom he's sexually assaulted...)...

Can you really say that with a straight face?  Oh I forgot - you are so used to believing your own lies.

After all that's come out about him he just lied to the country and he's sniffing again

http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/flashback-donald-trump-called-bill-clintons-accusers-terrible/story?id=42686582

Trying to force a married woman to commit adultery, sexually molesting an unknown number of women.. Tell me again about respecting women Donald?

He seems to have called most men in the world nobodies.

Liar liar pants on fire. Your snotty nose is getting longer and longer with every lie you utter.

Omg....... He should have arrived w his tail between his legs! What a disgrace he is. Not very intelligent!

If Billy Bush took his harassment training he would still have a job. http://www.dfeh.ca.gov/Publications_StatLaws_SexHarrass.htm

"And I'll show that respect by unconstitutionally jailing one on my first day in office."

If respect you mean grabbing them by the crotch... then by all means

What a sourpuss look he has on his face tonight. guess he hasn't been getting any - do you think?

XQ LOS GRINGOS EN LA VEJEZ SE PONEN NEGROS, ES UN DECIR Q YA NO SON BLANCOS

'He grabbed me:' Woman alleges Trump groped her exactly as described on tape

Jill Harth, a pageant owner trying to work with Trump in the mid-1990s, filed suit against him in federal court in Manhattan in 1997, describing a “relentless” campaign of sexual harassment and assault including an incident in which he reached under a table, put his hands on her thighs and grabbed her “intimate private parts” during a meeting at a New York restaurant.

http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-words-echo-womans-allegations-507763

Un débat pour élire le président de la première puissance mondiale ?! Une catastrophe !!

american elections are just one big joke lSophie Baron La Salle

If nobody has more respect for women than donald trump, we are in sorry, sorry shape.

Yes he does....he grab em by their *****.

El habla como la chimoltrufia como digo una digo dos jjajajaj no sabe que mas decir

My guess; meanwhile he is grabbing the private parts, before and after it is another story...

This man can pass any question given in an exam. We should learn from him

boy ohh boy...just a circus freak, this one...

I don't understand why there are a lot of people support him in the states. I think that's a big problem.

Is grabbing them by the "pu**y" how he shows it? Who is he kidding?

Oh really? Shall we play recordings of YOU, to YOU? Perhaps you need to refresh your own memory!

This is the democracy America boasts that elected this one as candidate?

He spent more than 90 seconds avoiding the questions. If he didn't do it, why didn't he just say 'NO' from the get go!!

הכסף לא עושה את אדם ידידי היקר לך הביתה ותפשפש במעשים  שלך איך אתה יכול להיות ראש ממשלה של ארצות הברית

Trump has never answered any questions is it that he doesn't understand the questions

This guy is out of his mind, maybe his brain is paralyzed so he couldn't remember what he had said.

Stefan Gärtner is he for reeeeeaaaal?!?  😬

Rich celebs too out of touch ...know nothing of wages working conditions profits trade or how badly Americans have been treated..we learned hard lessons over the last few years..first is we cant trust EXPERTS who are paid by the rich or political parties to spin whats happening ....WMDs FREE TRADE 2008 housing collapse...experts had free rein to do as they liked and it HURT ordinary Americans. The Media is telling us that CLINTON is the only choice yet she represents the very interests that sent our jobs to ASIA and allowed BANKSTERS to bankrupt us...TRUMP sounds more like the right one for the White HOuse someone who willl change the GAME for us.

Please help by donating. $5 goes a long ways with chemotherapy and all the bills. 

https://www.gofundme.com/2rxbh264

Also please share

"I love women- in fact I can't keep my hands off them!"

Trump o Sr humilhou os Brasileiros e latinos. Tu não gosta de mulher não respeita elas

Jess Mariah when the response to a question about women, leads trump to talk about bigger crises such as isis 🙈😂😭

I almost just spit my wine out.

I feel sad becos the people concern only on the "ridiculousness"; can the people discuss something helpful to their future or their economy?! Idiots over the Americans!!!

"So are you racist, sexist idiot" - "No, ISIS, MONEY, ISIS ISIS, HILLARY IS WORSE, ISIS ISIS ISIS ISIS, MONEY, ISIS, IM AMAZING, ISIS, WRONG WRONG WRONG" . People really treat him seriously at this point?

Surely he prays on stupidity, and there are plenty here.

What a male chauvinist pig.





What an idiot Trump is

Sexual predator, sick nasty racist

Tú no respetas ni a tu madre rata perro

ARE YOU F*CKIN' KIDDING ME!

LIER!!!!!! Scumbag!!

Will The real Donald Trump please stand up?

Just #gross



Trump is a PIG.

Loser, liar and charlatan. 
Vote him away

Is that Alec Baldwin?

I hate him. It's not comical anymore. This is scary.

Tayaba now who told him to talk about Isis??

If that's the truth, then God help all of us women. :(

And I am the Walrus, goog goof a jube

Yea, right!

What a jerk.

UNREAL

PLEEZE!!!!!

He has respect for no one

Perhaps when he is paying by the hour

"I love hair. Nobody has more hair follicles than I do"

You cannot even make it up.

Delusional....

Can i wake up from this nightmare?

Orange colored buffoon 🍊

30 # sniffle

It's like Donald Trump mocking Donald Trump. Hysterical! 
😂😂😂😂😂

That was an easy fact check!

He needs Health Care to get rid of the sniffle

False, you should be in jail

TRUMP WON & HE CALLED THAT B@TCH OUT ON HER 💩 & ALL SHE COULD SAY IS THATS NOT TRUE... she needs to be flushed, she's stinking up my comment feed....

Such BS!

L M F A O

He acts like a vindective spoiled child

Such an ignorant liar

Stupid creature!!

Delusions of grandeur

Joker

What a joke!

Mr. Sniffles...

He's truly insane!

Liar liar pants on fire.

Trump has achieved tremendous success Hillary choking and collapsing

Bullsh*t

How is possible that this clown has any supporters?!!!

😂😂, bless your heart Donald Trump.

Oh please

And I'm from Mars.

::milk shoots out my nose::

Tell that to all your wives

ISIS, ISIS, ISIS

The orange clown at his best! Lol!

Sony Rai your sugar daddy

💩

Steven Ngo ta prochaine pause d'étude

AngelaFerrao!!!

lol

You seeing this sh*t Ian Ang?

Bs

hahaha

Lie!

in your dreams donnieboy. Donald J. Trump

Lol

LOL

So Trump's campaign has been poling people's   respect level toward women for the past few days and they finaly concluded no one has more respect toward women than Trump. Tremendously detailed conclusion, like the rest of his claims/plans.

BYEEEE

He is such an idiot and an embarrassment to our country 😞

He has so much respect for women, that he brings up her  husband's dirty laundry as a reflection on her ability to govern...after saying that his horrid comments about assaulting women were nothing more than locker room talk. Someone needs to sit this man down and have a serious chat with him about what respect is

Donald J. Trump your locker room talk BURNED you to the ground! 😂  

Hell of a way to dodge those sexist allegations, you are a disgrace for the american people.

Greetings from Mexico



Someone get this man a dictionary.

And he says this because he never attacked Michelle Obama?

Trump is sniffing again.

Holy ego, Batman!

If nobody has more respect than trump ... Well goodnight America the women race is dead as we know it , if he becomes president we can def kiss our God given legal rights to breath clean air and our bodies be respected  good bye ! Such a disgraceful liar . POS

I think Trump believes ISIS is a woman.

Always speaking in superlatives = no credibility



The audience had a good laugh over that one.

I also love how therse another shot of him later where the text on the walls says consent, destructive or destruction with each other and he says that or something similar with a straight face...  the irony of it all is I dont know anymore. 

I was almost certain at some points we would se horns growing out of the head... but alas nothing of the sort.

Literally laughing out loud at this.

We can't lower taxes and enjoy what we enjoy as Americans

One should not  be subject to have to listen to this kind of crab on national television. Some are wise but some are otherwise.

He has about as much respect for women as Brock Turner.

Sure you do! About the same for minorities as well.

"which is why I grab them by the p*ssy whenever I can"

Trump is unfit to be a man.



We have nothing to fear but fear itself".   FDR
"speak softly and carry a big stick". Teddy R
" ask not what your country can do for you ask what you can do for your country". JFK
"Grab 'em in the P*ssy."  Donald Trump

seriously....

What is Trumps plan? He doesn't have one

He makes my skin crawl.  Having been sexually assaulted I see a predator not a " locker room jock" of the most foul behavior.

Larry Flynt has more respect for women than Trump.







That's a blatant lie!

LIAR!

wait he SAID THAT?!

Excuse me while I gag!

He let Hilary answer a question first because he's "such a gentleman" 🙄

Mr. Taco Bell Joke !!!

That is demonstrably not true

When he says nobody he means just about everyone

Stand up comedy at his best with this clown

I think he has a deviated rectum!



We can tell.

All you can do here -🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄

And whining about it as well!







http://youtu.be/qmqp0r7oujg

Throwing up





That's extremely hilarious! 😂😂😂😂

He meant 'Everybody...'

Sniff

NYT you're no journalists!!!!!

Shut up, please MF shut up

That was a laugh line, right?







I don't think those words mean what you think they mean.

This guy is a JOKE!!!!!



The greatest lie one can ever come across....

I believe you are right and follow so in future.

HAHAHA!!! Whew. What a great comic moment.

"I opolgize ...but im not as bad as isis."

You better believe it.

God forbid what he'd be like if he had no respect !!!😱



Trump has no leadership plan

Another pants on fire statement! 😜

So everything for 30 years is Hillary's fault?

And anyone that believes him is dumber than most rocks

How ignorant does this dunce (Trump) believe women, Latinos, African Americans and all minorities are to believe this statement. It's unbelievable,  depressing and unfortunate to know that this human being is running for president. 😢

Can someone fix his mic, please?!! Just turn it off.







Bahahaha! He's a sexual deviant rapist

'They are just words'. He doesn't mean it.



He's always bending them over a pedestal.

That's the best joke I've heard in a long time

Go Hillary!!!



The real clowns are running for president right now

Oh my! Hysterical.

Trump is disgusting and repulsive

Says the biggest liar of all time

Sick Orangeman👹

Liar...trillion times liar

What a big huge liar!!!  Just remember that when  he got off that Access Hollywood bus he was the same soft spoken, seemingly respectful man to the beautiful young woman.  Just prior to that he was chuckling with Billy Bush about sexual assault.  Deceiver.







Right! That's while you sexually assault them?

Trump WHAAAAAAAA!

And he say's this with a straight face...What a joke

Cause you want to screw the pretty ones...cause as you say...I'm a star and I can do anything I want.  They want me!  EWE...

Go Hillary!!!

He's funny. Not ha ha funny. But, weird, sick funny.

His nose must have grown a whole foot after he said that!

😂😂😂 The funniest thing he said all night! Really?!

No, you described sexual assault.



That's setting the standards low Donald.

Shouldn't he apologize to the women he assaulted?

He looks like a pig

I have great respect for you too. Hahahahaha 😂

Too funny. Just evasive,



He's a sociopath.

His mask slips.... read, The Mask of Sanity

He's off The Reservation again.



I bet Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny agree with him.



Dillusional narcissistic coke addict.

I don't think he understands that word



He's delusional





Go Hillary!! 💙

One can only hope that Hillary wins by such a landslide that the Senate goes blue and dems make huge progress in the house.   I honestly cannot imagine how anyone could support this petulant bigot with the emotional maturity of a toddler.

LIAR!

One wife 
Two wives
Red wives
Blue wives

Nobody does, you guys.  Nobody.

Liar , Liar , pants on fire!

Only the good looking ones, the others are trash to him!!

Funny way of showing it. ;)

and there he goes, not answering the question

STOP SNIFFING

Lolling all the way.





He is a Joke

creeping behind her brrr! #ImWithHer





Everybody has more respect for women Donald.

Lord! They tried it with that statement 😂😂😂

He doesn't know the meaning of respect.

Prove it.

Just because you say it doesn't make it true.

oh my god.

You're a joke NYT #trump2016

I knew this will happen Hillary shouldn't  accept a debate with an ordinary  person no more debates . they are not talking about the future of America anyway... he is not a gentleman

Now he's bringing up Bernie, pffff please.?

Does he always have to speak in hyperbole?

The funniest line of the evening

That is a laughable statement coming from him

Nobody has more respect for p***** than I do

You will be the First Piggy President, Trump???



And then I Truly gagged

OMG if that is what great respect is please

Sniffing is his shortcut to thinking.



Baaaaaaaaaa byeeeeeee Donald 😝👋🏼🇺🇸💪🏼

Hillary is a liar and scary....so much worst

He needs a pair of Tampax up his nose.

No you don't pig!

If this is true we are in big trouble.

You should have stopped after the first sentence.

This is like watching a train wreck.



tRumpkin strikes again.



Me.Trump is excellent.

And with a straight face. Unbelievable.

Anderson Cooper was great.

The funniest thing he said all night

O mundo em guerra e eles discutindo putaria no debate.

Lmao.... Um.... Yeah

He did not have the dirty nerve to say that!

That's one of the worst lies he's told yet!

No one has more respect for women than he does.  No one. 
He's the person you can only handle in a large group.  How exhausting to be around someone who has to repeat how he's the best at everything.  
His insecurity is imeasurable.

Yeah I mm sure Bill cant stop laughing either.

I guess that puts him above Hillary in terms of respecting women?🤔

Pants on fire!

I'm a creep, I'm a wierdooooo



NO ONE?

That's why he grabs them without their consent!



He's a disgrace!

Trump...the original predator.

HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA!!!!!!!! I CANNOT WAIT FOR SNL NEXT WEEK!!!!!!! Bianca Campbell

He is truly a sociopath.



The man is a train wreck in motion...

Are you kidding me lol





Lies!

Dump trump

11 years ago I WASNT A PERFECT PERSON EITHER! MOVE ON!



The lie detector test determined that is a lie.

Definitely more respect than Bill Clinton 😑

That is laughable

Oops, I thought I was watching the SNL skit! If only.

GO TRUMP GO

If that's true women are in big trouble.

Then i guess his definition of respect is sexual assault.

Really Donny??!!

OMG, if that's true we are REALLY in trouble

Cue the audience roar

Ummmmmm.... Whiskey Tango Foxtrot, over



Such a POS

Dam lie.

I laughed and laughed when he said that.

He keep on Sniffing I think he is on drugs hahaha

This one tops them all!

Crazy

Sighing



Better respect than The NY Times!!!! Hahaha

Character? 🙄

You can tell he's lying.

Yes that line got a big rueful laugh.

Narcissist FK' ing con artist & narcissist Trump.!
Total BS!

All he has is personal attacks on Hillary and blatant lies.

Dump the Lying Trash Trump



The term to use here is Oxymoron

ROTFLMAO

Really? Man...



Take a drink every time Trump sniffs.

TRUMP !!

Oh my sides. 😂

Bahaha!! Women don't need his kind of respect

#Trump 2016

I know - wow! #HYPOCRITE

He is a joke.... he is rude, obnoxious and a creep....

I'm convinced. Uh-huh.

Hahahahaha.  He lies

What a tool.

Trump is the biggest embarrassment - e-v-e-r!

Is Trump doing coke or something?

I think we can do without that kind of respect

Something is wrong with him

OH YEAH?When its Donald Trump saying it-- beware!

se ve que tiene pelos hasta en la legua,,, joooñññeeee

VILE!!



Another one of his lies!!!  He sniffing again!!!

What a jerk.

He goes from locker room talk to ISIS??? LOL

Bahahaha!!! He said that with a straight face!!!

He is so rude . Back to watching football

We're not idiots. You, on the other hand....

Really?? You got a funny way of showing it!!!

Cause that locker room banter proves it.

Hysterical. So funny.



please...



What the f*** is he saying?

Yea right liar

If he respect women them I'm a blue nosed gopher!

If anyone actually believes this ..... God help them.

Yes right !!!!!!

He is sniffling or gasping for air again.

Seriously? You delusional man you.

He's an idiot he has no respect for women at all

B.S.!!!

Trump has the sniffs again.....cocaine!

"I especially respect their "pu**ys"







He is a jerk to say the least

Why don't I believe that?

His lips are moving, he must be lying.

He just called himself a gentleman.

Like that makes it excusable. Then he brings up ISIS?

KKKK mais feministo q eu e quem?

Lmao yea so much respect he wants to sexually harass women 😂😂

He has no respect for women !

As he interrupts all the women speaking

Lol lol.... Big Joke!





How can this fool not know who he is running against?

Imbecile

Moron

"Medieval times"?? Like when women were posessions?

Vamos a ver ,american people,es europa,de que va este,de guai

I actually think I saw his nose grow some on that one

Liar. He thinks we are all stupid.

Well that's BS

perhaps he does not know what that word means

Twaddle...

What universe does this man live in???

What debate are you watching.?

Bring her down!

Donald Trump totally won the debate!  His Lincoln remarks and the jail remark were classic!  Huge win!  He was fighting three against one and kicked Hillary's butt!  Martha actually argued with him!!!!  Martha was not supposed to be debating Trump, Hillary was.  TRUMP HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!

was he sorry for what he said, or sorry for anything

"I'm a gentleman" = best lie of the night 😂

Bahahahahahaha omg staaahhhpp it. #morelies #theyjustkeepcoming

Sure...

Yeah, okay. He is INSANE.

Is that Alec Baldwin?

Oh Donny, you're such a joker.

Liar liar pants on fire award goes to..... DT

What a laugh.

I do.

Thank you for telling us. Now I'm convinced.

Hahaha! stupid trump!!!

Really?



BOI bye

That is the most ludicrous thing I've ever heard

He's scum.

"I'm a joke. No one is as much of a joke as me." -Donald

He thinks we are idiots

That made me almost choke on my water!!

Liar, liar pants on fire!

LOL!  Sure you do....

You know when he is living , his mouth is moving

All I hear is blah blah blah like Charlie Browns teacher





You don't need to be the president to fight ISIS.

Laughable.

and he has the gall to accuse Hillary of lying.

What a lying piece of crap

Married women beautiful women women with ----ys 
Yes I respect women

You have Got to be joking!!

Hipócrita!

Bloody fool !!!!

Big orange liar!

Hhhhhhhh,Laughable,Does ISS has a P****He can grab?

Trump your days are numbered!

To quote Donald himself, those are just words.

Keep trying to sell that.

He respects them so much he wants to grab their pus*ys

😀😀😀😀😀Liar..Liar..pants on fire😕😕😕😕😕

Puh-lease. He is delusional or just a plain idiot.

His defensiveness is relentless.

Pigs & slobs....yeah, no.

What a joke.

He respects women bigly.

Can we deport this guy?

Uh, nobody's buying that crap anymore...

Omg 
Unreal



Bzzzzt! Lie.

That's why he's a chronic crotch grabber . ..fricking idiot

Trump is melting down... adderall shakes

Well, at least I'm better than ISIS.

As ornaments

Go to hell pig

Is he kidding?????

Deflecting deflecting deflecting....rambling rambling rambling. Sniffling sniffling sniffling...

Oh now we're going to the judgement thing?

Can't even believe he had the nerve to say that!

Ya, afterall u like grabbing them vy p***y

Seriously?!  A misogynist who demonstrates daily that he has NO respect for women. I used to admire his daughter but now, am ashamed for her for standing behind such disrespect. There will be more to come before Election Day and the soap opera will continue as more toxicity and proven lies will be released and corroborated about this candidate . He continues to lie despite audio and video demonstrating otherwise.

Nobody has less respect than you do!

There should be a roll eye option on this status

So was Alec Baldwin filling in for Trump?

Best joke in the last century

TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT

Nobody? Really? This man is delusional.

Tremendous respect for women? give me a break

the hypocrisy is real

He has no respect for any person

He's a misogynistic racist

Full of crap!



NOBODY.

po po po po pocker face!

He's a disgrace & a laughing stock. Get off the stage.

This debate is embarrassing and shameful.







Hillary has nerves of steel

Disgusting

😂😂😂if it weren't so sad.

Dump your lies trump!

Best joke yet

Why is this fake Donald Trump accusations going on?

I know people who are more respectful Donald....

How many times is he going to say this crazy thing?!

Does he mean that all woman are Isis? 🙄

Liar liar pants on fire

His track record speaks otherwise. He is such a loser

He thinks to point a finger lessens his nastiness

yep uh huh

sick evil demon man

LOOOOOOSSSSEEEERRRRR

He is so disrespectful.







Sure buddy

What a liar. Bald faced liar. Simple.

He's sniffing again A LOT! Bad mic or bad coke???

It's locker room talk.

It is a joke

Hitleresque

You sir a fool. A con artist and a danger to society.

He's back...like a terminator

Lol - wow! 🤔😤🤔

What a joke!

He's done! Finally.

Ok Mr.Groper and wants to bang his own daughter! #Urgh
🙄

LOL. Say 'Isis' a few more times why don't ya.

I don't believe him

Only every other man I know...

Hysterical laughter



Trump is Trump

Gimme a break!

getting so tired of seeing him

He doesn't want no body only he is lying to get votes

Down with Trump👎

Liar.

You are so full of 💩💩💩!!!

Buffoon.

Lightning strikes

😳WTF is he talking about!?!?

This man is evil. Period.

Nobody? No one at all?

Shut up stupid.

Bahahahahahahahahaha-Oh my God - I can't stop laughing! 😂

Really

Are you f$cking KIDDING?

The biggest feminist that you respect

He's a liar. Big surprise he lied.

I feel like I'm watching an episode of Jerry Springer.

Define respect, you morron

"I didn't say that"...really, really?!?

Sniff,sniff,sniff, snorted The Great Orange 🎃

Nobody.

PATHOLOGICAL liar and deflecter

Just words Donald.

Nut job!

Laughable

Liar liar

What an a....he is ..

He is like a petulant child!

Wait....what?

The lies he preach

Again.



Oh, I feel so much better now

Go, Trump!!!! 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼

Wrong.

Seriously?

Oh thank God! I thought he was a sexual predator!

Medieval times out there
At homeland, what?

You're a real comedian trump hahaha. You made me laugh.

What a clown

Lmfao

Just like no one is more German than me

He will say literally anything...

Thank God he lies!

Donald Trump is a disgrace

His verbal skills are so weak!

GREAT TRUMP IS WINNING

Really?

WRONG





Shutup

Insanity

Liar liar pants on fire.

Bless you Anderson Cooper.

Laura, you must be gay!! Wake up!!! You are stupid!!!

Trump is the BIGEST LOOSER , mark

Go Trump!!!! America has your back!!!!!!

He just said 3 against one! WLB!

What a liar! I expect his nose to start growing!

Always start with a joke.

Nobody?

Sure idiot

What a joke!

Wait... what? is this an SNL skit? LMAO

ROFLMFAO

The American answer to Baghdad Bob!

A huge lie! He respects no one!

mais feminista do que eu?????

Excuse me while I retch...

Mmm-hmmm

He thinks he's OK because he's better than ISIS.

Lying scum.

I think he's insane.

LOL LOL LOL he is starting to unravel

What . Oh such a lie . You idiot .

Líes and more lies

Can I rate this as a pants on fire lie?!

my lord.. he has to be on drugs

You're disgusting!

No turning back Trump 😂😂😂

ROFLMAO. You bet cha!

Is this an Onion headline?

And if you believe that . . . .

Hmmm...for some reason, I don't believe you.

Is it me or does he ramble on and on all the time?

He's disgusting...I did laugh out loud...

Stand up comedy at its best!

Oh sure. Just ask Nancy Odell.

Whaaat????

Snicker

Truth is stranger than fiction

oh god he's so disgusting

With no irony whatsoever

Liar,liar, pants on fire!!

What does he think respect means?

He has so much respect for them he sexually abuses them

Comedy writ large.

"Is too late to apologize" hahahah

Aham... Sei

Biggest joke ever

ROTFLMAO!!

Pants on fire!

He is just so full of himself, I can't even........ 😆😡👎🏻

Well one thing is for sure...ISIS sure doesn't.

Lol 😂😂

Nobody. Really?

Swallow that Mic fool.

Trump.. most divisive man!! You divide the country !!

I believe there are many that have more than you do, Donald

Trump Style: deny and deflect

False

He is a joke !!

He needs a lobotomy asap

LIAR!

Donald Springer

Liar. That simple.

Me muero de risa!

That's interesting EGADS

Mierda tengo amigos en Canadá 🇨🇦 y el seguro no es así

Hahahahaha hahahahahahaha 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂..is he serious??? Hahahahaha hahahahahahaha

He is a joke!! Period.

I do not believe you !

You shitting again Trump.

Go Anderson!!

Like your mum

He has a degree from Trump U.

Everyone has more respect for women than you do!



Liar.

Sam, eff you, wake up!!!!! Sniff and save Anerica!!!!

How does that grab you?

The most hypocrite statement in history ever

Ha,Ha

He seriously needs to give up saying that forever

Does he think Isis is the name of s woman?

Really give me a break I can hardly look at him

Go Donald. Don t stop . Trump for President !!

What a load of crap💩. He is not sniffing he'd snorting like the pig he is🐷

Wow so clever! NOT!!

Hillary Clinton should be in PRISON.

He is living in an alternate reality

Shame on him!!

Wat an irony?!

LIAR !!!!!

He exploits women in everyway.

He's full of bull. Insulting

I am such a good guy. Nobody is a better guy than I am. :D

I d i o t 
Embarrassment for the whole country...

And the lie detector says, that was a lie







Yea right- no one -

It was a joke.

I AM SO SICK OF THIS FILTHY LIAR.

I think he meant "everybody"

Is this real life lol?!

I have never been so happy to be Canadian.....

Right, right…

He behaves like a child 😩☹️🙄😔

I thank God that dTrumpf is NOT my father.

Throw up emoji

O shut up.

REGLEMENTS DE COMPTE A OK CORAL !

"I'm a gentleman"

such a con man

I'm dying laughing 😂😛😛😛











Which is why he brought "the other wom an"

One of his greatest lies.

Then all of the women are in serious TROUBLE 😡😡😡

He's a lying sack of s$&@.

He makes me throw up

Nobody? Really?

WRONG!

Believe me...

What?!?!?!?!

Bull!!!

Sure you do, don

Gagging...

How about any random passerby?

His voice is like his own funeral

Too good.

He is such a repulsive low life

deplorables and mediocres.

gag me with a spoon

That quote is some BULLLLLLLLLLLLLLSHIT.

Stop Hillary before it's too late!!!!!

Idiot.  Period.

Gag me with a spoon!

Opposite Day?

El respetó le ha llegado un poco tarde

Trump didn't answer the question.

Seriously. What a joke! Save me from your respect, sir!

I do!

No he can't because he doesn't listen to the question.

Das why I wanna grab them in da cooch..........ingrate.

You've got to be kidding me!

Pinocho

What and idiot he is

Avoids every question. >.>

Oh please ....

Lying POS

Oh come on, just stfu :D

pants burst into flame

He is the biggest idiot

Like when I grab them by their pus$y😂💯

*sniffle snuffle...sniffle snuffle...*

Impresentable

Gurl....

Is that before or after he grabs them







Ha!!!! Comical.

GARY JOHNSON 2016

Really? Who is he fooling?

Can someone tell me what is up with his nose?

Dump trump😡

He sucks.

Acting like I BIG CHILD! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

yeah, you surely do!!! bellend!!!

No, no you don't Donnie.

Yeah, ok. Sure you do. You despicable, lying POS.

Riiiiight...

Yikes

Nobody? Not one single other man? Priceless! lol

The king of the deplorables!

Since when. Our vote that actually matters!!

Fu***** Pig! As a Man I am embarrassed for him!

Someone get this dude a booger sucker

Not buying it

He is lying

Liar liar, pants on fire!

Serious???

A joke.

Assclown

Seriously? He is not even making any sense! And the sniffing? OMG!

Sniff sniff is he on drugs!

Well, that's debatable.

He is literally crazy!

Shut it Trump- you'd look better with your mouth shut

A used car salesman!! Idiot!!!

Riiiight

Total BS

Riiiihhhhtttt

@. Yeah right Donald 😤

Really??? Really?!??!??!? nobody !???!?

Right!;:4))

Liar!!!

Hilarious!

WRONG

Vote for TRUMP!!!!! Help AMERICA!!!!!!!

This man is not fit for office.

As the audience Laughed.

He meant we men.

Yep - if they're a 10 - and are not flat chested

This is laughable. No respect for women

Nobody?!?!?!

We can see exactly what kind of gentleman he is, a repulsive disgusting one I would never want my children to look up to.  A disgrace to our great nation and a misrepresentation of what a true man is.

Liar.....bull***ter

Scum

David, grow a set!!! Vote Trump!!!!!

Deborah, grow a set!! Vote Trump!!!

Mel, go to Hell!!!

Is it me or does he kind of look like a toad?

Sure you do! Go grab them the the p$))()$y!!! 😂😂

Now tell me another joke!

Uhhhhh.....no.

3 against 1....wah!wah!wah!

Harte, wake up!!! Are you stupid!!!!

Soo condescending to the Muslim questioner in the audience.

He clearly doesn't get it!!

Hahah so cringing

Awesome!!!👍🇺🇸

LOOSER

The first of many many lies.

Can CNN turn his mic off each time he sniffles?

Who else is counting trumps sniffles?

lol berine mack show got nothing on this fool-

Hard to get a more obvious lie than this.

Of course. >:(

Liar!!!!!

#Meteor2016 just end it already

Haha, sure he doesn't.

I. Just. Can't.

Haaaaa! AntagonisticBrat!

Gennie, go to bed!!!! Wake up!!!! You are GAY!!!

Nasty clown

#delusional

Ha lol lying fool

What a lying POS !!

Someone give him a tissue for all that sniffing!

Nobody does anything as good as he does...lol.

A complete delusional fool.

Uh huh, yeah.

What a joke!

😂😂😂😂😂😂 good one Donald !!

Duct tape anyone

Mentiroso

F. u.

Why Trump Sniffing again?

Aurelian Chau you have no clue.. Stay in your countries politics

Yeah. He "loves" them....

This is a joke. He is so evil.

Where are the flies coming from?

What a dunce!

what is he snorting?????

buffone!

Yuck!

Trump oh trump - snorting

I pray that isn't true.

Whahahahaha. Get real trump

Is he ill

How much cocain did he take?

Unbelievable

Hogwash

Pig trump

Why aren't his pants on fire?

Just saying it doesn't make it so, Donald.





An example of his campaign honesty 😂

Alec Baldwin had the night off!

Trump is a joke. Can't be real.

I have had it with bafoon!!!!

Still waiting for this joke to end.

And, do I have a bridge for you.

Please excuse me while I go and throw up...

And women are buying it.  What a nice puppy he is.  Can't wait to see the "especially classy" and respectful words he uses for that women moderator, Martha Raddatz, later tonight.

That's a joke.

Lier!!!!

What a goddamn joke.

5 alarm fire on donald's pants.

He's joking right? Or is he delusionned,

"Nobody gropes more women than I do".

His nose is growing and his pants are on fire

What he has been said opposite of what he's been doing.

Bryan, wake up, are you stupid?????

Really????.

What a joke

"I'm a gentleman."

pants on fire...

He needs to be shot

Dumb posts and discuss nothing useful.

YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!

What a tiny digit deuche bag

How did we ever descend to this.

ISIS and sexual assault go together lol.

One of the biggest lies of the night!!!!

As a man, I have no respect for you.

Only the 10s who come postage-paid. And then maybe.

I think he meant to say "less".

Is that Trump or Baldwin?

Go trump!

😂😂😂😂😂and he actually thinks people will believe that💩💩💩

Go Trump!!! You rock!!!

Moron

What the HELL does isis have to do with his "locker room talk "?????

Liar my god this dude is one seriously sick sob

He's a babbling idiot, he makes no sense at all!!

Does this gas bag ever ANSWER questions?

he has not said anything

RAPE CULTURE!!!!

Omg this cracked me up!

There's a tape to prove otherwise scumbag!!!!

Hundreds or billions of deductions in taxes? Um no.

Liar liar pants on 🔥

Vile swine. Period.

Lol  wow

What an arrogant liar!!!

Ya right

What a joke

Laughable

Oh ok

Laughable

Is the mic broken again! ;)

He has no respect for anyone!

When I'm being watched.

That's a joke.....

He is a freaking joke 😂

Really?

pants on fire

"I'm a gentleman" 😂😂😂😂



LIAR, LIAR, PANTS ON FIRE.

Except for when I am in the locker room

joke of the year

From a deployable. Go Trumo.

Define "nobody"...

Buang na gago pa...

His words show it. Not.

#trumpisatoddler

You are full of 💩💩💩💩💩💩!!!!!

Liar liar pants on fire.

UNFIT

Yakden58@comporium.net, right







Oh spare me you misogynistic jerk

Take a seat Donald and STFU!!!!!

Hahahaha!!!

This idiot will never get my vote.

Is huuuuge hahahahahah your asss is huge idiot

Jaaaaaaaa jaaaaaaaa jaaaaaa
He does have a good sense of humor

Maybe he tried to say  "he respect the women, which wants to be respect...!   When a man is rich...what happen with some women?..  behind of a rude word there is a rude provocation!  Yes,  I know  is not reason,  but the snakes soundless have a lot poison!

THIS .........person.....IS JUST NUTS!!!

Self proclaimed "gentleman"... interrupting Hillary ensues.

Ja, Ja

Ha ha

Yeah let's grab them by the pu**y

Gladiators in the arena.

What a load of crap!!!

What a lying sack of poop

Just a cheap showman, nothing more

One is an extreme idiot and other is evil.

Donald Trump is a disgusting clown

He's such a joke,  doesn't know the meaning of respect.  By respect he  means disparaging,sexually assulting and demeaning women whenever he can!  Add for the debate, sensationalist remarks do not  constitute facts, oh wait, that's Donald Trump in a nutshell.

...and scene.

Idiot and lier

What a joke

riiiiiight!

WRONG!!!

You lie!

Wrong.

Hey Trump... 🖕🏻

Like really

Unbelievable isn't it?

Trump is weak.

LMAO!

I missed what his actual plan was?

He is on his face such a liar.. the formation of his sentence itself makes him sound so fake 😂😂😂

He is a disgusting male chauvinist.

Really?  Who would believe it??

He keeps going around the questions... Glad I'm not in the states!

Ha haha hee hee agh agh haaaaagh

Hilarious!

He knows he is DONE!

25 seconds over. Omg.

I have more respect for women than he does.

He don't have any respect even for himself.

Lol that's funny

Scary he said it with a straight face 😐

?? What on earth - does he even know what he's talking about

I think I saw his nose grow a bit

JAJAJA Yeah right

What a foolish con lolol..

Just STFU

Wrong

Sniff sniff sniff "coke

What a lie

Prove it

lmfao

Such a fool

Says the 😾grabber 😒

Lmao... what a dummy

I'd rather watch dogs bark!!!

I'm going to throw up.

Omfg

Donald is winning this debate.

Amazing....... :-O

Your pants are on fire

What a joke

No excuse

Lier!

I'd like to drown u in a steal cage Mr. Trump

Ick factor.

The Deviant Donald is CRIMINALLY INSANE.

Nobody?



And calls Hilary 'she'!!

Horse puckey.

His nose keeps growing longer;.

He is deranged!!

Donny the clown 😄

Matenlo

BULLSH#T

LIAR!

Except everyone...

Gentleman lol

Buffoon

That guy is insane

Somehow I don't think so, Mr. Trump.

Why is he intimidating Hilary by standing behind her

He dies nit say what he will do to fix health care. PLEASE!!!

Can she really be saying this..

Sorry he don't respect women all is  he for him self only he doesn't care about anybody he will not accepted his own mistakes he is man with no self respect American must very stupid to elect him to president for the country

His definition of respect does it match Webster

Why don't you stop lying and tell the truth

I can bet he is biggest lair ever born on this earth

Blah. Blah. Blah.

He should be a comidian if he doesnt win 😂😂😂

This guy might seriously be high on cocaine.

Idiot!

Mentiroso, conta outra piada vai.

Parece o Lula

Disgusting

Really!

My sides.

What a joke

The man is scum.

Blah blah blah blah blah. The Orange liar speaks!

VOTE TRUMP/PENCE

Biggest lie of the night

I am standing with you Mr Trump

Animal.

........yeah, right !!!

It is NOT locker room banter. It is rape culture.

Um almost anyone has more respect for women. 😡

Fact check: false

Snort!

He is such a Loser !!! Sniff Sniff coke addict

Right

Cocaine?

Coke user

Not buying what he's selling...

Did anybody watch Melanie's face all night long?

Yeah right! :P

The fly landing on her face was epic

Oh, Trump, drop off already!

Pathological liar.

Locker Room talk? Stop then your locker room talk!

And he thinks Hillary lies.

Best joke of the night!

Liar 😡😡😡😡😡😡

poop emoji

Laughable

Gag me

Believe me.

He lies

Wrong.

BIG FAT LIAR!!

#nomaspantalones

His arrogance is remarkable

Oh please.

Bleh!

does he think we are all idiots?

It must be Opposite Day, eh?

"Locker room talk".......... ISIS!

What a joke he is a sicko

Is he a joke???

And they are still gonna vote for him!!!!!!

Really. His biggest lie of the evening

Let's not forget Hilary's husband acts ???!! Forgive and forget ....

Lying rapist!!!

Let me throw up now.

Now that's a joke!

He can't even agree with his running mate...

Because , if you keep repeating it, it makes it true.

Is something irritating his nasal passages?

Sure u do🙄

Big LIAR!!!

FALSE

Evilness personified

BULLCRAP!

Just grab her P-ssy.

Nobody. 😂😂😂😂

riiiggghhhtt Donald

"I'm a gentleman" hahahahahahhahahax100000000000000000

The pumpkin man

Snif,snif,snif!!!!!

Nope. No you don't. Not true.

And he calls Hillary a liar?!

"Locker room talk" = rape culture. Inexcusable!!

Women who like being groped and subservient

Hillary is the WORST CANDIDATE EVER

Someone mentioned "50 shades of grey" for all those so offended😂😂😂

Is that being fact-checked?

Nobody? An impossible claim.

He it's rich in life but poor in brain,,

LOL.

what a sack of doo doo

Trump all the way

TalK about a joker!

What???

Right!

What?

He is a joke!

Excuse me?????

I could send you some tic tacs

Liar, liar, pants on fire!!!

A true nutball

Liar.

#factcheckthat

He is disgusting?

Is this The Onion?

How does she manage to make her smile look so natural?

Saying it doesn't make it so Donald!



Wow wow is all I can say. If he says that it is a lie.

Hahahahahahaha he is Sooooo funy!!!

Did he forget HER name, it is Hillary.

Really, Nobody? LOL



One of the most ridiculous things I've ever heard.

This statement needs a 'gag' emoji.

Nobody now means everyone

Joke of the week  😆

Give me a break......

LIAR!!

HAHAHAA LIAR ANTS ON FIRE

Why post this without comment?

Unbelievable.

😂😂😂♥️

EL.OH.EL

trumpie donkey

Sociopath.

LIAR LIAR LIAR!

Ohh there you go, is ok then.



Trumpnocchio, your nose is growing! 🙄

Did this get fact checked?

Am I having a stroke?

What bull...! Such a creep

He's a predator, plain and simple

What is up with his sniffing?

HRC has a bigger D--k!

What joke........

It's a joke.

Lol

TRUMP, MAKING AMERICA GROPE AGAIN.

He doesn't even respect himself!

what a joker!

1 word: Benghazi !

Yea right

Liar.

Pouty McPoutmeister

Sure it's so obvious lol

What a clown

He is a pig

Phew. Glad he cleared that up.

Fala de. Mulheres e depois diz que é papo de vestuário ! Ridículo !

He is a big whiney baby!  Go Hillary!

Say it, and make it so?

Yeah... no women believes you...

He's been sedated. I'm sure of it.

And he calls her a liar! 😂😂

Disgusting misogynist...

We all know that it is BS.

Ask him what his definition of "respect" is.

Words.  They're just words.

Go HILLARY

Vote for madam Hillary

Never ever Trump

Vote madam Hillary

Show me the money.

Lol realy?

Unbelievable as usual

Lies, just so many lies

Bull!

What a joke!

Lmfao!

Complete domination

Yeah, right

#liar

Total crap!

Liar, liar. Your pants are on fire.

So much so that I just want to grab their pu...purse common!😂😂😂😂

Absolute BS!

Stupid idiot!

This why u cheated on all your wife's!!

You have got to be kidding me.

Liar

The biggest joke ever

It's just words...

We call this hipocracy

sweet christmas, what an idiot.

Yes,,,,,with that jerk trump.

Its so funny ..., looool trump

She don't lie she don't lie she don't lie....cocaine.  *sniff*

Yes he respects them he marries them then cheats on them you know respect

😂😂😂 wut

Idiot

Jesus Christ.

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 see yuo in November Trump

Uh huh-

So ridiculous!!!!

Laughable.

Up yours trump

What a joke

He is revolting and vile

lets trash first...................orderally stupid. rocky in the end.

Pretty sure there's a few people who do.

Beautiful

UNINFORMED, UNABLE, UNFIT. TRUMP....THE UN-CANDIDATE.

Thank you Anderson Cooper #andersoncooperforpresident

Yea right!!!!

What an A$$hat!

He is definitely not a gentleman...

sure you do hahahaha

Yes Trumpf... we ALL heard you...

Estupido,plalhaco.

Liar....

JOKES

Pants on fire!

Say what?

Ridículo ¬¬

Liar 👺

Clearly!

He has more respect than say ....... Jack the Ripper

Ooooo  really?

Uhhh.....ISIS!

Shameless

Liar, liar, pants on fire!

Just not true!

No comments....

Ya right !

Pinochio.

Unbelievable!

Deuschbag

One crazy SOB---Trump

Really??? Could of fooled me! 😳

He's such a joke

Bull.

What total crap

Schizzo

"respect for women"

haha he's kidding right

dat scowl tho <3

Ya right. He wants to get to ur .......

Too late.

Actions speak louder than words

about as much respect as my cat has for me

Biggest joke of the year.

Predator talk.

Records show otherwise..

Define "respect" again for me???

No way to govern women.  That's why we keep them in heels.  We can hear every step they make.  I leave women's issues to COSMO.  A woman is going to call most everything something else.  They are raised to keep secrets & not reveal their true self.  He employees women & runs a beauty contest.  Where would those World Peacers go if they had no such events?  Dare I ask?





Shut up we have seen how much respect you have for women

He's a Liar liar liar... how can anyone trust him?

He sounds like a robot.

Hahaha..

What a joke

What a liar

What a joke

Liar liar liar!

Lies, lies, lies!

Trump you're DUMP 😡

Muslim s report

Jajaja liar, pervert, rapist say sorry POS

No, it would be hilarious if he didnt have such a redneck, coked up, bag of deplorable , brainwashed supporters.  Who are these people anyway?

This man is destroying America's reputation.

Maybe Trump's idea of respecting Hiary was not giving her a tic tac ?

The lie detector is pegged!

the guy has no shame what so ever

Can't stop laughing. What a moron!

Words, just words. 🙄

It is opposite day

What a clown.

What a fool!







I literally cannot even

Hope that mr.Trump never be president.

Yes of course..💩

Liar liar!

RIIIIIGHT!!!!

WAT EEN GROTE EIKEL.

Fking liar!

Lol he is so stupid

Just like Bill lmfaooo

Es tan mentiroso como peña nieto

www.iamnotvoting.com

Liar, liar!

Pig! Trump

Sniff

Good job

Mmm hmm. . .

Lol!!

LMFAO

Hahahahaaaaaa Right

LOL 😂 😂😂😂😂

To quote him, those were just words, just words.





ISIS?! Who is asking about ISIS?!😂😂😂

This is unacceptable

Of course! Talking about about lies.

What a bleeping joke.

The sniffing is annoying

Lier

All the tellings of a pathological liar







Just like he would say: WRONG!

What a joke and what a clown

Your hands are so TINY

What a joke!!!

🙄😳😂

JAJJAJAAJ ME TOO.......

This pig is a joke!!!

POS

Our next President of the United State Of America Donald J Trump

What a ridiculous sack of 💩!

Get real!!!!

Yea right!!

He is Day dreaming 😬😬

False.

He is such a LIAR It is sick

Such a coward and a lyer

"Trust me"

Such a bloody Buffoon

Sniff

LOL 😂

Idiot

U n asqueroso HIPÓCRITA.

Sniff sniff 😂😂

Give me a breat!

RIght!

Really?????

Answer the questions POS

Great way of showing it Donald.

😂😂😂

Can someone fact check this statement?

Hahaha ad infinitum...

That's a good joke Donald!😂

He's a v liar, bloody fake gentlemen

De locker room talk a vamos a destruir Isis. Este Man Ta fumao

Worrying because I fear he will still win

Liberals will destroy this country

Donald respect only Donald

Sohail Dar 🙄😑 wat the heck is he talking about?

Ha ha ha! Liar liar pants on fire!

Trump is a waste of oxygen

Oh the lies. How disgusting.

What an asswipe

What a joke! Total womanizer. How disgusting

Bruna Salton kkkkkkkk esse cara é uma comedia

Not a groper

Doublespeak

YOU Suck..

such a load of crap -_-

Idiot

Liarrr

haters gonna hate

Bloody F...r shame on u

Haha!

Hilarious

Hell yes trump.

What a joke!

stupid liar.

Jijijijijijijijiji you crazies

locker room talk means you can kill terrorists

Keep ur eyes open. He may grope Hillary. Roflmao. What a joke.

Hahaha of course you do... Cue eye roll..

THIS TRAIN HAS NO BRAKES #MAGA

I'm pretty sure I do, and 99% of men do.

Trump to the worldwide: " I started a joke"

👖🔥

These lies and fabrications are making me nauseous.

He is just too stupid to live

I gagged on that one.......

Lying orange POS!!!

Laila Benelfellah HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH this was good

What an idiot!!!!

He has no respect for anyone.

He completely redirected the question...

What fantasy solar system is this idiot living in??

can i get a fact check on this?

This is a joke!

No he doesn't !

Really?!?

Ga maar verder spellen yonge??

**no one ** 😂😂😂

Really? ._.

He's so dumb!!

Really?

clearly

#dumpdonaldtrump

Ridiculous!!

Clearly.

WHAT????

What a clown

Oh My GOD!

Ha ha ha

Most things this man says seem to be lies

Funniest thing I've heard all day

B.S.

Lol

Juliana Federico esse é pra concorrer com aquele ator hahahahaha

He's such a freak. A total joke....a good one man comedy act.



can I fact check this?

Right Cheeto face.

Mariane OLHA QUE SEM NOÇAO



The Onion could not have scripted this better...

If I hear "locker room talk" one more time😤what a joke.

But, and excuse the pun, He took her to the mat and pinned the old witch to the floor.

💩💩

Go Trump go ...

😂 that's a good one 😂😂😂

Hahahahaha what an idiot 😂😂😂😂

Right🙄

Right...

You farkin drugo

Lmaoo..LIAR!!!!

Stop lying Donald Duck

sniff....sniff

What a piece of s____

Lies. You are a misogynist.

Disgusting.

Wrong

😩😩😩

Ruff, ruff,ruff..,gruuuul!

Che gran cazzaro!!

Yeah i was rotfl when he said that

total DT BS

http://funigy.com/6054/donalds-women

You're right Barb but his enabling wife is.

Hillary's history speaks for itself. Deceit and lies

Are you kidding?

I don't believe him

😂 hahaha he's so funny 😂 😜😜😜😜

I have more respect than The Donald

Bwhahaha

Haha what a joke

STFU Trump!

please use fact checker

Total lie

Grab sum puss

You die pig.... !!

Yeah and I am god.

You should just quit !

Trump is dum

His a joke ,fake liar

What a joke!

LIAR!!!!

Hillary is pro-war!

He's a liar...

his rhetoric is amazing

Sniff* sniff* sniff* 😂

He's a JOKE!

LOL. Liar.

Just Bipolar

😳

😂

Where;s the dislike button?!!!!!!!!!!!

Wait this isn't an Onion headline?

"I take classified material very seriously"

-33,000 deleted emails and 4 diplomats dead

Bahahahahahaha gag gag gag hahaha

As long as they are beautiful and submits to him.

Angela M. Rodriguez jajajajaja no sabe responder

He showed greater respect than Hillary!

Pathetic

Liar

That's a joke!

He said the best stupid thing

WHAT THE HELL

Eye-roll.

BárbaraPianca eis o clímax

Biggest laugh line of the night

OMG

Assim como Lula é mais honesto do Brasil 😂😂😂😂😂😂 GiovanGiovanna Franco

Lol

Can't even believe what I'm watching

Wow

Pants on fire!

🐷

Mitch Berger such subject change. much wow.

Riiiiiiight

Right on!

Excuse me while I choke

😳

Actions, not words AH

:P

Stalker speak

Big liar

Clown

Unless I rape them

What a joke

Pouty puss sulking 😩

Liar!!

Ha ha

Eia. 😒

Sure!!;

lol & lmao

idiota

TIC TAC

What a joke

We suppose to believe that!

Lie

Hillary laughed because she let a rapist off

Call BS on that HUGE time! 😆😆😆

Lmao

Garbage 😈

Flawless delivery David

Did he really say that?  
Haha 

LMFAO

He's lying, and we know it... #ImWithHer

Smh

Lol that last question was legit good. Caught them both off guard.

Eden Blair can't help but laugh at this one

Oh my..........

Trump for POTUS November 2016!

yea......we know.

Wrong. Wrong. Lie. Not true.

the King of Hyperbole

Sacon

Riiiiiiiight.....

Ha!

Donald "sniff" trump

Trump is a idiot!

Can someone please play that video again????😂

Racha N. Riachi euu eh w heik elt bkhabrik

This guy is a joke

Ha!

😂😂😂😂😂🐽🐽🐽🐽🐽

Says the Republican Snuffleupagus

Putz

OMFG

This guy is unbelievable Eric Shaun!

lol

Lol

You do?

BS!!

Oh lord...he is a clown

🙄

Liar

What !!!!

Liar

Your flies are open

"At least I'm not ISIS"

Delusional

What a crock😡

He is a big, fat liar🙄😠

What?

He is pond scum!

Comedy

Oh really

Have never laughed harder

Like hell he does

Liar.

#WhineyLittleBitch

🤔 Ummmmm.......no.

Absolutely delusional 😂😂😂😂🔨🔩⚰️

False.

The way he speaks...is he illiterate?

Liar

Liar

I want to laugh, but it's sad and embarrassing that this jackal is even being considered for president.  Completely utter buffoon.

ha!

Pig

Laura Martins coerência na resposta...

hahahahahahahahaha - gulp.

Liar

😫

SNIFF. SNIFF.  SNIFFFFFFFFFFFF

Lollllll

Vishal Rai How is ISIS involved in this...???

😳🤔🙄

Gag.

And nobody's as great as he is...believe me 😜

He's a f@cking joke.

Yeah....right!

HAH!

VAI PERDER!!

Don't think so..............

gag me

Lies.

Emily Liang LMAO his answer...........

Ha ha ha ha !

💩

Pig.

Hahaha

whattt a liar !!! Go helll you devil

Hah!!!!!!

Hahaha

really?  nobody?

🖕🏽

😜😜😜

Nazifa Choudhury ew his actually struggling

Amitab Dev see how dumb this person is?

FOS

LMFAO. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

🐂💩

Ouch

😝😝😝

Liar, Liar, Hillary!!!!!

Lol

Really?  Wow. Could have fooled me.

Sounds dumb

LOL LOL LOL LOL!!!!!!!!!

😳😳😳

LOL

Andy Dysart  all over the show

Lol

Angela Lin i have no words i hate this so much

😂

this is hysterical

Ha ha ho ha hee aha ha ho ha!

Ha!

😡

vcđ :)))

lmao

Diana Winne zo geloofwaardig hahahaha

Politics aside.... This man does not respect women.  He may try to deflect.  He does not and will not respect women.  He does not respect minorities.  He does not respect religious freedom.  He is a narcissist.  A dangerous self serving narcissist.  Not politics.  Scary, scary truth.

He is just a big joke!!!

LIAR

LOL

Lol

Bahhahahahahahaha!

Bull

DIE

Uhhhhhhhmmmmmm no

Lol

Ugh

Liarrrrr

What a load of crap 😠

Hahahahahhaha!!!!

He's toast

BULLLLLLLLLLSHIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTT!

Pig

Liar

😂

So why couldn't you answer the simple question, "Have you ever forced yourself on a woman?"  You did a find job dancing around it being asked multiple times.  So did you?

you are still a pig. locker room talk should never happen anyway!

LIAR.

LOL

Really ?????

Lie

🙈🙉🙊

LMAO

HC

Lol

Liar liar liar.

Pig

Hahahahha ok

Liaaaaaaaaar🤒🤒🤒

Wrooooooooong!

Pig

Sick

Lol

🙄🙄🙄

😶

Gaaaahhhhhhh.

🐷

B.S.

Scum

Boooooo!

Liar

lol

Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!! 😂 yea, okay.

Gawd

Fine

Gah!

McKenna Gessner im dead this boy is a joke

Lol!

Liar

Pig!

Shame 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡

dump

Ha. Ha. Ha.

Lies

Lol

Natália Rodrigues, esse cara é muito louco.

Patrícia tou a rir tbh

🖕

mdr

FU

Hahahahaha.

LMAO

Riiiiiight........

LMAO

BWAHAHAHA!

🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻

LMAO

Lol

Lol

😂

Hahahaha

Fu.

Lies

lol

Yara Dodin LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO

lol

MDR

LOL

😏😏

😳😳😳

Lawl

🙄🙄🙄

😭

Lolz

LOL

LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!

Haha

😳😳😳😳😳🙊🙊🙊🙊🙊

Ha, ha,ha,ha,ha,ha

😂😂

baaaaaaaaa hahahahahahahahahaha!!!

Idiot

Liar

Riiiiiiiiight

Hahahaha

What a jacka$$!!!  We all know how you feel about women and minorities Trump.  Do you even smell what you're trying to shovel down our throats?

Bwahahahaha!

LOL.

Ugh.

no he does not.

Bs

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA That was funny!

😂😂😂

😆😆😆

????!!

😂😂

I've lost all respect for him this "apology" is a joke.  No one respects woman more than me.  at this point I'm just done with this whole presidential race.

L

Liar

👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻

🙈

Sure

Ha!

sick, sick man.  Imploding right in front of our eyes.  Like a car reck.  As you pass bye, you know you don't want to look but you find you can't help yourself.

👍

🐷

🙄

Oh.

Haha hahahaha hahahaha

Pig

😆😆😆😆😬

Iris Steenstraten hahaha interessante speech

Hes such an embarrasment to our country,so low and disrespectful. makes me sick that such a clown is one of the options to  be the president of this great country.

Jajajaja..

This was the very best line of the debate.  Trump respects women more than we women respect ourselves.  That's how great his respect is .  You do you Trump, you do you.

🙈🙉🙈🙊😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

lol

LOL

BS

Ha!

lol

He just goes  on and on and on and doesn't  say anything !! Lol what a joke I can't  believe  there's  still people  voting  for  Trump !

Lmao

💩💩💩

😆

Hahaha

I don't know how women feel about this statement after last weeks and months audio and video recordings and tweets...

TRUMP The LIAR,STALKER AND CREEPER DOSENT GIVES A RATS A$$ For ANYONE EXCEPT HIMSELF And The TRUMP CLAN !!!

😭😭

liarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliarliar









Lets play the part in which hillary was asked about the emails and see

Tha guys is a sss... with his responses

He just referred to himself as a "gentleman"?!?!

That made me laugh harder than his small hand insecurities XD

Ha! Unbelievable indeed! Gotta love his strategy! Lol

All I can say is that I heard Trump endorsement to Hillary

Just imagine if you didn't have it

Trump is a grown child. He is talking nonsense

Have never seen debates act like this .. their both terrible

So, who is the liar?

This guy is a comedian

ABSOLUTELY HILARIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Oh really no one ? Maybe no one that he knows !

Someone PLEASE put him back into his chair.

What one thing have to do to a other ?

Trump has won this debate

Never laughed so hard in my life.

les limites de l'hyperbole

That face says it all!!

He's a sexist,he's only a little man

My dog does shhhh

erdogan saying most democratic state is turkey

he will defeat isis from his locker room 😂😂

I am speechless

He is deeply disturbing

Joke of the century

You are such a KID man.

Not respectful to women 😡

🖕🖕🖕🏿🖕🏾🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏼🖕🏻

you suck !! go home

I'm grinding my teeth

Wrong!!!

Trump you're a PUTA😂😂😂

big fat liar

Idiot

Sure you do.

Delusional!!

What a pathetic piece of hipocrite

That's a lie

Lmao!!

Wrong.

Laughable

So unfit to be president

Unbelievable

He's delusional right.

BUT ISIS

What a joke

what a jock

Nienke Nou, je hoort het.

Can someone please fix his microphone it's causing sniff noises again 😄😄😜😝

LOL

Cool

👃👃👃👃👃👃👃👃👃👃👃👃👃

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

Jajajajajajajaj

😂😂😂😂

HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!

hahahahahahahaha

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

Hahahahhahahahahahahahahahshahahahahahshhahahah

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🔫

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

😂😂😂😂😂😂

😂😂😂😂😂😂

😂😭😂😭😂😭😂😭😂

LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!!!

Lololololol

😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡

😂😂😂😂😂😂😡

Sniffffffff

😂😂😂😂😂

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

Hahahahahahahahahahahahahshahaha

Hahahahahaha

😜😜😜😜😜😜😜

😂😂😂😂😂

BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA....

Bahahahahahhahahahahaha!

Hahahahahahahahahahaha!

🤔🤔🤔🤔

🙄🙄🙄🙄

Henry Nguyen Visu Narayanan i loved this part

😂😂😂😂😂😂

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

Hahahahahahahaha

Hahahahahaha

Rafael Barthasar politics for dummies

Bahahahahahaha!

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

HAHAHAHAHA!

😅😅😅😅😅

Bahahahahahahahah!!!

Josie McElvogue make it stop

NEW YORK The New York Times you are in big trouble if Donald Trump Jr. wins

😂😂😂😂 Matthew

Just a lie and he avoided the question for the longest time Addison Shogren Amanda Brennan Catherine Tumminello

😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

Hahahahahaha 😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃😃

😂😂😂😂😂😂

Apoorva Sharma awkward

Natasha

Meera Vasanthanathan what even

Amanda Iarossi Bruna Fiorini mais feminista que eu??

Dijana Di das meine ich.. und dann einmal vom thema abgelenkt  :D

L O L Tárik El Zein

Giórgia Ferreira sobre fugir do assunto

He is a bully period. Both Clinton & Trump are full lies. Pathetic that these clowns are running for president.  A joke.

HAHAAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAAH!!HHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAA!   Aggghhh...that was just f'n funny.

Except, like, everyone. Cathrina Dionisio

Fukc you, Donald. 🖕🏼

Abigael Kingsley Buah Hosey Nezam HAHAHAHAH Jeg DØØR...

Fanfarão senhor Donald J. Trump !

I do Donald.  I have more respect for women than you do.

Laughable. Disgusting human.

Y ME NIAISE TU HAHAHAHAH Laurie GingrasMichèle Mrnd

Jeremy L. Tran 1:20 incredible

Cathy Shi Kyutae John Kim laugh die me

Disgusting human being

Yeah, and I'm the king of England.

A pig liar  woman hater

Rebecca Cabbage ????? idek?????

Cameron Porter "because Isis"

Is there a puking icon?

You are a disgusting human being.

Hahahahahhaha Anthony Bolanos

Alana Jemma Georgie Lucy Eliza ISIS though!!!!

Where's the puking emoji?!

Shannon Brickhouse Walsh Jennifer Nicole Toni Ann Petovello

Mr. Trump let me repeat the question.  Go Martha.

My President Donald J. Trump

Jessica Lai im crying

He is a disgusting human being!!!!!

Saman Khanpour im dead😂😂😂😂

sounds legit Mette Videbæk

Cami Meira

Maria Clara Montenegro olha o hipócrita

Jenna Bean Duvall

Cat Koo haha

Lmao wut Wasim Rinawi

WHAT HAHAHA Shay Montgomery

Yoha GL

Jasmine Tetlock I screamed

Ryan Lu see?

Marisol Sarita Pelaez

Satkaran Dhillon lmfaooooo

Jaimy de Wilde ........!

Monica Enriquez this guy

Kodiak Monge jajaja

translation of the BS : Look at ISIS (created by bad foreign policy not Islam) not at me. Bad bad "Muslims" forget about my faults. Look at a women's husband behavior not at mine. Me Me I Me  I am great America is bad horrible me me I I. - trump

Sure, Donald, sure. Go back to the locker room, because you will probably never see the inside  of the White House.

Bahahahahahahahahaha!!!!   That is the joke of the century.

lollllll Nanda Kusumadi

Ed Gein had more respect for women than this sleazy, insane,  megalomaniacal cokehead liar.

And the Oxford dictionary just called inquiring if the word "respect" has some other meaning in American English  :)

I laughed Hannah Wallace-Lund

Filbert Goetomo omg lol

Soooy funny!!  How could a person change his opinion this radically in public??

The bar is set so low for the highest job in the land.  My 12 year old could articulate a better response.

Conall Bradley Shane O Brien hahahahaha

Amar Bhardwaj l o l

You are an awful man!  Here's one on your FB page that can't stand you!

That's why he used 4 vulnerable women as weapons before the debate.  AND THEN LEFT THEM STRANDED AFTER THE DEBATE.

Seiryung Park 음...

At least, out of all of this mess,  Trump has a new campaign slogan.

Is that why you grab their p--sies??  And force yourself on them??

What a laugh, or, maybe he does not understand  the term, respect.

Michele Beil Philipp-Oliver Mager Liebe ihn! :D

LMAOO Krista Miller

مزنة دريد Ahmad Alhamad 😂😂😂😂😂😂

That's why he feels like he can grab your p___y.  Jerk!!

OMG.  Even his staunchest supporters had to laugh at that.  Dear God.

Another lie from that man! He has no respect for women!  None!

he obviously thinks we're incredibly stupid too.  'snort'

Laura Morang UHG.

THIS IS A COMEDY SHOW RIGHT ?  (America has greater and smarter people then this two )

Rosalynd Cabaleiro hurts

Election betting odds- Clinton's are going higher while Trump's are plummeting.  https://electionbettingodds.com/

He used Bernie like a battering ram during the debate.  I do t see media commenting on that in the media.

He isn't perfect but she is worse. I look at their plans.  She is worthless.

What was his healthcare plan?   How is he going to respect all Americans? How is he going to lower taxes?

👍🏼 FlFletcher Herman

He's losing the run  if of himself, making a skit of the debate to detract from real issues, as he has no concrete answers

This is the FIRST DEBATE that has dealt with issues and not Donald!  I am impressed with how he has held himself together.

does he even understand what respect means?  obviously not

Words.  Just words.  Actions are what count, not words...and his actions prove otherwise...

SCARY!    To me this is like that stoner kid running for Class PResident who has no idea how much it will entail if he wins.  No way to actually DO the job.  Against the perfect girl who is so qualified.  He is so childish and nasty.  I CANNOT BELIEVE our great country is having to worry that this idiot savant will be in charge.  MEGLOMANIAC!

Locker room talk says it all.  And he was on a bus, not in a "lick her room".   He has not ever been in a locker room.

Right up there with "my greatest asset is my temperament.  I have the greatest temperament".

He stalked Hillary all night with that fake look on his face.  He is a disgrace.

Scum of the earth.  Going downnnnnnn

How can he possibly say that with a straight face?!  #trumpisnotaman

Expect  the fat lesbian Muslim you want to grab in the lady parts

Why is Trump stalking Secretary Clinton behind her back.  Trump is a menace to all.

Do Trump supporters really believe this?  It is an insult to the intelligence of all.

Can you say delusional Rump?   Yea you are!!

Lie! Every single person I know has  more respect for women than he does!

Freaking playground bully.  Divert, deflect, pout, interrupt, call names.  Ish.

Malasha D'souza 😂😂

Que mentiroso 😡evidenció a  Hillary Clinton con el engañó que le hizo  su esposo y más . Eso no se llama RESPETO .

Why does he always have to have a superlative about himself?  Such an egomaniac.  Nobody is a bigger loser than him.

Oh please, orange man, tell me more!  I'm hanging on your every word ...

Which is why he brought "the other woman" to embarrass the wife?  Using women once again for self gratification.

is that why he has had so many wives.  He loves women sooo much he has to marry them all.

A serial sexual predator and fraudulent con men should be   locked up.

Señor Donal uste a demostrado que no tiene nada de respeto alas mujeres ni a los  Estados Unidos ni misericordia a ningún ser humano.¿

'Locker room' talk boy wants to control the free world!  Bahaha!

NOBODY Sean Kennedy Andrea Hsueh Jamie Millar

I have more respect for women. My mother and daughter, and all the teachers my daughters have had have more respect for women. My father has more respect for women.  My cat has more respect for women.

I suspect that Trump has a case of COPD.  And amnesia !!!!!!

Isa Gillette 🐕💦🆗

Yes, just after he apologize  to  his wife. Rightttt...

Mariam Hamid 🙄

There are more damaging tapes that will be shown or heard.  I think one of them will be him using the N word.

He doesn't know the meaning of respect.  Clueless.

Cristian Fonseca 😂😂

Bah ha ha ha. Just go home Trump!  I'm switching to watch some football. I can no longer subject myself to your BS.

No one?  I think someone must have more respect for women than you do.  Let's HOPE so!

lol Jane-Caroline Pellerin

If he says it, it must be true.  Says Donald Trump only.

He should hear himself how  ridiculous he sounds and some one  get him a tissue 😡👎🏾

locker room talk, 20 minutes of action..... CALL IT WHAT IT IS!  It's disrespect for women and rape.

He looks and sounds like a 3 year old kid thrown into a pro hockey game..  He doesn't have the right stuff.

Highest taxed in the world?  Compared to whom?

Would someone please shoot this fool.  I'm really tired of his tirades

holy moly really! WRONG IN SO MANY WAYS!  Despicable

"I'm a gentleman."   Say What?!?!?!??

By your words and actions, your truth is shown!  LIAR!

Oh my god.  They both are human.  Sniff who cares.

Nobody?  Really?  Nobody?  Not even the Pope?

Said the narcissist.  Of course getting would think that!

https://m.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/photos/a.347907068635687.81180.346937065399354/1266814516744933/?type=3&source=48&refid=7&ref=bookmarks&_ft_=qid.6339642063271359713%3Amf_story_key.-3867817243148084240&__tn__=E

He's  not even answering the questions!

Taghreed Joel

I have the most respect. The best respect.  Trust me. DT

MENTIROSO,  MISÓGINO, MANIPULADOR Y NARCISISTA

Brian Kang 😂

See ....... Unprepared Hillary Clinton protect immigrants who are causing destruction, hunger, disease and unemployment and not caring American citizens, and other black people are the very discrimination because they want to carry arms and do not want to respect justice and police have to take a b asta it because the government barack obama cade he ended the terrismo in syria? So conversae giving ha rights who do not want to work not joje just days and that each country has to take care of its people is why there are deaths in France, the United States and other countries do not want a weak woman in power have to be a man as god was.United Kingdom and the British are right in not wanting to accept immigrants because they are the disease brings, terrismo, unemployment and no country is obliged to receive, because each country has to take care of yourself and have blamed .. has to send deport already urgently to the country of origin because the disease and terrorism, it is the fault of the countries that accept immigrants have to send deport and not accept is what a parent fluid states can not accept a woman in power, because they want to get the rights to US citizens, desempregar want Americans and employment for immigrants killed in Orlando and in France a disgrace to American citizens a woman disarm citizens and weapons of terrorists will not vote Hillarary never without condition ........

Ishka Bibel

HYSTERICAL  HYSTERICAL  HYSTERICAL

sure you do . you and your sidekick  Billy Bush   Chester the dog

Donald makes me ill.  I am physically shaking.  He is Deplorable.

We've seen that respect!!  And it's not pretty!!

Arturo Reyes Díaz, Denisse Reyes

Yes.  I'm feeling very respected

I can see his nose growing...!  😂

Yea sure...    freaking hypocrite....liar!

Cheating on your wives is having respect for women?   Ok.

Really?  More respect for women than anybody?

http://trib.al/iOIjeaQ

Ben J. Fischer

Kristen Elizabeth Suares

Monika Kazamias 😂

Marilia Cabral

he seemed not to b ashamed of his abusive  language

The man is clueless.  I can't wait for the movie.

How can this man be President of our Great Country,  Sniff Sniff SNIFF

You've Been Trumped Too

Looser Trump,   Loosing by far, epic lost

Lincoln Gehring

Dustin Taylor

He is delusional. period. end of story.  Sniff.

Stop!  Stop!  You're killing me!  Too funny.

"donald trump is an animal":  the beast is among us.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovxBWW5uX6A&feature=share

Really....I really do not think so.........   .

Look What I found on eBay!  

The Unofficially "Official" authentic ESTOY con Ella Trump Piñata Keychain/pin

It's a pin!
You can wear it proudly! 

It's a keychain!! 
Use it year 'round. 

Mostly, it's a stress reliever!!!
You can use the piñata stick to BEAT TRUMP!!!!

Here is the link to order yours. 

Just $15

http://m.ebay.com/itm/252556465423?_mwBanner=1

We really appreciate your support!!  

🌀PayPal payments are protected!

That's laughable as hell.  What an idiot...

When will Hilliary apologize to Kathy Shelton after accusing her as being responsible for being viciously raped as 12 year old girl by Thomas Alfred Taylor, a 41-year- pedophile?

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=GfNygQtTtug

Yup.  And we all believe you Donald.  NOT!

Muhammad Shahrukh Muhammad Bilal Fareed

Chaitanya Gopal

This is NOT a locker room talk ...this is Donald  Trump  talk

Eva

Alessandro Nigro

Ayusha Mazhar

Richard Tipa

Nelson Colon

Vagner Neves

Dylan Sparks

Halim

Chyanne Walker

Priya Dass

Tyler Greer

Ana Karen Guzmán

Stephanie Huger

Amallely Nava

Simon Dransfield

He needs some serious mental help.  Terrifying

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diKcomm2ts4&feature=share

Roberto Rosario

Celina Chang

Aden Te Kiri

Looks a lot like Lula and his speeches of how honest he is...
http://politica.estadao.com.br/blogs/fausto-macedo/nao-tem-uma-viva-alma-mais-honesta-do-que-eu-afirma-lula/

Turki

Mackenzie Berman

Andreas Hansen

Andrew Kochsgreatfood

Melanie Englert

Haidar Hendal

Rob Maguire

Christopher O'Brien

http://conservativefiringline.com/flashback-hillary-clinton-volunteered-laughed-defending-kiddie-rapist/

Luca

Josh Rosenberg

Nouha Ouzmah Bhewa

Julia Van Oss Marie Vercouteren

Abuser. Liar. Bully. Narcissist. Egomaniac. Oh, and Vain. So Vain.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKaiedK9SFc&sns=em

is it true republican women are submissive  what a message

http://bit.ly/2ej2ucm

Nicole Landron

http://giphy.com/gifs/mashable-l0HlSnPbRHMYC9nLG

Pichamon Dechapraphan

Drew Landes

David Ok

again trump   LIES ?????????????????????????????????????????

Frank Taeger 😅

Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis Isis

Ajitpaul Basra

This is Hillarys respect for woman and children...https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=316758212015486&id=100010439282543

http://conservativefiringline.com/flashback-hillary-clinton-volunteered-laughed-defending-kiddie-rapist/

Sydney Alana L   M   A  O

Respect... https://goo.gl/images/eF8Gg3

My work: "Lifting the Veil" for going forward what is the next wave of unseen hidden truth of our reality coming to Light...  @ https://vimeo.com/183193267 <^> 20 mins.

In case people are interested in some heavy reading... Proof of brain chips @ http://www.us-government-torture.com/Larson%20Report%20Edit.pdf <^> US Patent 6,205,361 “Implantable expandable multicontact electrodes” Inventors: Mann/Advanced Bionics

Human garbage.

DA Russia supports you!!

Good bye America.

Ken De Sousa

Susan Babidge

Lukas Hawkins

Pascal Bouman

#makeamericagreatagain

America

Womanizer

https://conservativedailypost.com/russia-finally-has-enough-of-america-shows-fbi-removed-evidence-she-was-guilty/

https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=226471271102250&id=100012181362913

http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/09/sworn-affidavit-juanita-broaddrick-denies-allegations.html

https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=548011922054266&id=100005363897915

Those saying, "It's just locker room talk, boys will be boys.", he was 59 when it was said, not 16. By that age, that's definitely old enough to know better than to talk rapey.