Strike Two..... Wow!!! Trump’s debate performance was disgraceful. He never answered a question! Come on.... it's way past time to see Trump for what he is… a pathological liar and Narcissistic Egomaniac!!! Trump doesn’t have the intelligence, or temperament to be President. His own Big Mouth is a lethal weapon. Just imagine the damage it could do as President! And his lack of Knowledge about world affairs is unbelievable! This man should never sit in the White House.

I suggest at the final debate, when trumpet starts his sniffing thing, she walk over to him and hand him a tissue. Gawd! he sniffed nearly 100 times.....

Wow... Trump! LOL! I thought the Republican Party was losing its’ way when the Tea Party got its way in… but Trump is the GOP’s Armageddon. I kind of feel sorry for any Republican running for office right now… if they endorsed him, they are screwed… if the stay silent about his ridiculous behavior, they’re screwed. It sure looks like there will be a lot of Republicans in trouble at the polls in a few weeks.

I had hoped that Hillary might start the debate by handing Trump a box of Orange Tic Tacs so that he would know from the outset that he’s not fooling anyone. I didn’t get my wish, but NYT Readers can make it come true.
Please mail 1 box of Orange Tic Tacs to:
Donald J. Trump
Trump Towers 
725 5th Ave, 
New York, NY 10022

DT won. He was more effective because of his short sentences and use of keywords.
HC told people to go to her site, during a debate meant for explaining yourself.
DT is becoming smarter with his talking points and that's a problem for HC

TRUMP WON! They wanted to do the scandal thing from when he was not in office, was a layman. He countered w/ facts about Bill who was POTUS when he was impeached and had to pay $850k. I did not know about Hillary and the 12 year old rape Victim. They had to see the truth.  He waited, and attacked. DT mentioned his policy and plan. The questions were what the public wants to know, the things that MSM will not cover. They discussed OBAMACARE and why its so expensive?  SYRIA who got us there? Blacks in the inner city are 45% poverty rate, and yet clinton who has been in office has never done anything for the black or ANY community. She is 100% for partial birth/ late term abortion of fully formed living babies. She and Obama are in office and had done nothing about the very same tax codes that Trump admits to using legally.  FACTS Now, maybe next debate she can discuss policy instead of telling people to go to her website!

Daily briefing: Hillary still manages to get savaged by a guy whose campaign should be over. Lol.

State Islamic terror persecuted the Jews and your blood will be rivers ...

wonder if the clinton foundation gives money to NYT lol

spare us trying to direct our opinions to your view of the world:)))

Martha Raddatz has more b*lls than Matt Lauer and Lester Holt combined! She's the only one who stood up to Trump. And Carly Simon says it all about Donald "You're So Vain" Trump. Feel Free to share across all social media platforms: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKaiedK9SFc

Love the New York times never fails to amaze me.

Congressman R. Hanna on Trump : 
"I regard him as someone who is infantile and vulgar."
By Gary Liberatore. Oct 9, 2016
Utica, N.Y. - 
Rep. Richard Hanna of Barneveld says when he heard the audio of Donald Trump that came out late Friday from a 2005 Access Hollywood interview where Trump made crude comments about women, he thought it was sad, "Pathetic that an individual who would seek to be president of this country and all it represents could have that kind of behavior, but having said that, it's not surprising."

Hanna, who will leave office at the end of this year, has never supported Donald Trump from the beginning.  His downtown Utica office has even been the scene of protests by some local residents who believe as a republican, Hanna should get behind the republican candidate for president.
Hanna says despite many top republicans who have supported Trmp up until now, now withdrawing their support, he doesn't think Trump will ever take himself out of the race, "I don't believe so.  I think this man has no shame.  I know a lot of his supporters and the overwhelming majority of people supporting Trump are infinitely better than he is and they deserve a better person to support.  It's sad for me that the people would cling to him simply because they find Hillary so undesirable, but that's no reason to support this man.  He's beneath our dignity and doesn't deserve to represent this country and never should."
Hanna says he will be watching Sunday night's second presidential debate closely, but says he doesn't know what to expect, "I think it'll be more watched than the last one frankly.  I have no idea.  I'm going to watch it.  I'm kind of curious how he defends something that is so undefendable, but he seems perfectly comfortable.  And frankly he is beyond shaming.  He has no capacity for personal introspection or reflection on his own culpability and guilt.  I regard him as someone who is infantile and vulgar."

GO TRUMP !       US !

Coming from newspaper that made murderous #FidelCastro's career: http://bit.ly/2dmCVTP

Please download the application

gain money ..
Only for iPhone ..
رابط التحميل 
https://rcksr.com/pl/450129235/1788
Geo:
  Australia	,   Canada	,   United Kingdom	,   United States
Platform:
 Apple iOS