So at the end of the f̶a̶r̶c̶e̶ debate last night, Trump complete abandoned the one talking point against Sec. Clinton he's repeated forever that she didn't have the stamina to be president by saying she's tough and a fighter and never quits.

Finally moderators who at least tried to stand up to a bully. Either he assaults women, as he claimed. Or, he's a pathological liar. He has no possible way out, so blame the moderators.

Definitely the best moderators out of the three debates!

You know, these debates would go a lot more smoothly if you would simply cut off the speaker's mic when their time is up. Believe me, they WILL learn to whittle their pontification down to fit the allotted time, and we might actually get them to stick to the topic!

Trump was like an injured rabid animal last night, certainly not presidential in temperament, and he did himself no favors with the undecided.....he's appealed only to those people who already supported him....but his borderline unhinged and unprofessional behavior last night was offensive to the rest of the country.

"Steered?" LOL...You mean they joined Hillary's side- and PARTICIPATED in the debate- trying to take down an obviously dominating Trump. Trump was right- it was 1 against 3- and he defeated all 3 of them- because their record is so pathetic- they had no response for their failure. Bravo Mr. Trump. You exposed Hillary- and the media.

If you did not watch the debate all you missed was Donald Trump avoiding answering directly any question he was asked or responding directly to an asked question of Hillary Clinton. He went on the attack and stay there on a more "personal" level. It seems like the emails will never ever go away. He made out rages statements. So in my opinion and maybe my opinion only you didn't miss hearing any exact or plans from Trump. He is uncontrollable. Saying that the moderators did their best and each speaker was reasonably represented with the amount of time they used. It said that candidate can't speak to exact questions. The American people would love to have these people respect the questions and answer them.

Trump is an idiot....how he got this far is ridiculous..he has no qualifications to run a country.....he is only there for power and money....goodness help the world if he gets in...

Finally, someone held his feet to the fire for knowing nothing

I found Trump incapable of answering a question and I saw Clinton defending herself when she should have just answered the question. Between the two I thought Clinton the more professional one. 
As for talking over time limits, perhaps a dead microphone when the time is up will show impartiality. I doubt the candidates will agree to that though. It's easier to whine when one perceives it might not be fair.

I think the moderators did a good job considering the hostility they were facing. They asked tough and fair questions of both candidates. Too bad the American people were short changed with the lack of answers from DT who only wanted to pivot to Bill Clintons past.

If Trump actually shut up and stop interrupting Hillary 50 times during the debate the moderator probably would've shown him that same respect. He doesn't have to like her but he can be respectful of the rules. I'm glad the moderators did their job and did it well.

That we, as a country, have allowed that man to come anywhere close to being an actual candidate for the highest office in the land, and by default, leader of the free world, is an embarrassment to us all. Shame on us.

What a shame, they rarely stopped Hillary Clinton when she went over the time limit, but they regularly interrupted Donald J. Trump!! Such low level of journalism is astonishing! Clearly they were biased towards Donald J. Trump in every way! Just like the The New York Times which is nothing but a proxy of the Hillary Clinton camp! 
Free media is the 4th pillar of democracy, and you all have brought shame to it by indulging yourselves in biased behaviour!

BS. Facing 3:1odds in the debate arena where both moderators are liberal partisans and HRC is a career politician with de facto more experience in this kind of events, GE Trump kept it cool and went head on locking horns with HRC. Everyone moans over the tax filings, yet what he did is perfectly legal under the US Tax Code. Blame shrewd accoutants for doing the job they were hired for in first place. Placing a criminal in prison is dictator talk???? Since when???? Oh please, do your study on Middle Eastern history and politics. Lybia, Syria, Egypt, Iraq and Turkey were the only secular govts in the region. Lybia was prosperous under Ghaddafi, but HRC and NATO bombed Lybia and later boasted by the record "we came, we saw, he died" referring to Ghadaffi. Hosni Mubarak was a steadfast US ally, but he was overthrown by BHO and HRC backed Muslim Brotherhood, who were in way to turn Egypt into another theocracy if the military had not ousted Morsi. Turkey's Erdogan wants to be on NATO yet dreams of a renewed Ottoman Empire (Attaturk must be rolling on his grave) and buys oil from ISIS. Hussein's Iraq was an US asset in the 80's, in the proxy war with Iran, Donald Rumsfeld giving Hussein chemical weapons. Hussein's death caused a power vacuum that enabled the rise of jihadism, which Hussein was extremely effective in curbing. Finally Syria, where the West portrays Assad as a villain, yet his policies included protection by law to all minorities, ethnic and religious. Syria boasted a very robust middle class and high literacy. Now, ISIS holds the northeastern part, massacring Yazidis and Christians, the cannibal heart eating FSA soldiers hold other parts while massacring Christians, and Assad, with Russian help has remained as head of state. HRC wants to send ground troops to Syria to give cover to jihadists and fight a proxy vs the Russians. That region despises Western democracy by a number of reasons including traditions and religious customs. The Middle East nations only function as: 

 a. Theocracies like Iran 

b. Autocrat monarchies like Qatar, the Emirates and Saudi Arabia (to whom HRC is in bed with) 

c. Strongman dictatorships where secularism is enforced and as long as you play to the govts tune you live in relative peace. 

Dont take it for granted, read and educate yourself.

And why is Anderson cooper's name in bold while Martha Raddatz did the actual work of keeping the candidates in line? Unbelievable.

I thought Martha did a good job of trying to get Donald Trump to outline substantive  anything  (which he was unable to do) and Anderson was there like a really stern dad. They did ok with what they had to work with.

I'm certain that if the mikes were turned off at the time limit(s) and also when it wasn't the other person's turn, the debates could be more professional and the candidates would reign in the blatant sparring and rude interruptions.

If there were mute buttons on the microphone after 2 minutes and also when one candidate is talking,  think the debate will be better.
Anderson and Martha were not intimidated and didn't back down.

The moderators did a fine job--raising pointed questions and not letting a candidate off with dodging the question actually asked. Of course, Donald Trump didn't like that ... He acted like expecting him to answer the question that had been raised was the moderators ganging up on him.

Don't feed the swarms of paid Trump Trolls that descend like locusts on every post...that makes their stupid comments top posted because so many people jump into fight the lunacy..They are trying to disrupt our political process. DON'T GIVE THEM THE VOICE

Raddatz and Anderson were not intimidated and held both candidates feet to the fire. Professionally tenacious they did their job brilliantly. I hope past and future moderators took copious notes.

There was not a winner in this circus called a debate. The American people were the losers. What a mockery of what some people believe is the greatest democracy in the world. Sad indeed.

Quoting Bernie Sanders regarding her judgement was not a smart move. He played it 5 times and the maneuver will come back to haunt him. Trump was in the gutter with Breitbart  coaching team last night. Look out for Las Vegas because now Trump showed his hand and if he wants to play dirty it will only hurt him on Election Day. His  base is still entacted but he did not win over anyone. She did. He went too far by threatening her and saying she deserves to be in jail and attacking her record.

It's a wonder how we all saw the same thing and come away with completely different understandings of what we saw. 

The car was blue, no the car was yellow.

It was clearly three against one last night and Raddatz was an absolute embarrassment. Hey Martha, reporters are not there to debate with the candidates, it's the candidates who are to debate with the other candidates.

As much as Trump whined that the moderators were unfair (how dare they make him answer the questions asked!), the questions were hardball and even for both candidates. They did as well as was possible with a sniffing, prowling, aggressive, and belligerent narcissist on stage, trying to bully and belittle them.

No they didn't they let trump run over them. They let him have way more time than Hillary. They pressed Hillary though. The next moderators should be Joy Reid, Chris Matthews and Lawrence O'Donnel

They did exactly what moderators are supposed to do, therefore Trump didn't like it.

They did well. Trump is an ignorant bully who just wants everything his way..... The voters questions seemed irrelevant to him, he just ranted on about whatever he wanted. Trump would have been even more repugnant if the moderators had not tried to control the worst of his excesses

I actually didn't think they did that well. The candidates over ran the speaking limit and rhe mods weren't forceful enough to stop it. I would have rather heard all audience questions and none from the mods. So did we learn anything new about either one? Not that I can see. Sorry. Waste of time.

Since when as a moderator, are you supposed to put yourself at the center of a debate? It really didn't seem as though they were too terribly interested in the beginning to allow Mr. Trump to speak and answer his questions. Also moderators are supposed to check time and try to keep the candidates to that schedule, not try to force answers to questions by demanding they answer them. Presidential debates are supposed to have rules set forth and agreed to by both candidates in the moderator. I'm really not thinking these first two debates were handled it well.

The whole debate was all about Trump attacking his female political opponent. Yet, he said he had most respect to all women. He said he was a gentleman. He cried out loud that he was bullied by the moderators and Hillary. Give me a break!

They asked Clinton zero real questions and when Martha asked Clinton what would she do different in Syria , she said "I hope by time I'm president that Isis will be gone". Translation she doesn't plan on doing ANYTHING different than what we're doing now! #NeverHillary

"Sharp"? How can you even call them debates? They are just strings of accusations, and it seems that the "winner" is the one who "dealt the most blows". If it were not because the rest of the world, whether we like it or not, has to take USA seriously, we would have stopped months ago.

Not an easy job to do with 2 very assertive personalities where neither wanted to stay within the time constraints.  Both candidates went on after the clock ran out, and did either of them ever answer the question in the beginning...How has the campaign changed you?  Don't think so.

They were extremely biased against Trump but I forgive them because they had to be. If they hadn't the liberal hordes would descend upon them screaming for blood. Just like they did Matt Lauer and Jimmy Fallon. Pretty sad what liberalism has degenerated into after eight years of Obama.

Its was 3 against 1, real fair, NOT!! He did answer every question, maybe not the answer you would like, but he answered!! He admitted to his wrong doings and apologized!! Stood his ground and never backed down against 3 bullies!! Killery avoided questions, was caudiled by the interviewers and the hand selected questions!! Never  OWNING any of her numerous wrong doings!! Therefore never apologized for any thing!!! Shes Discussting!!!

I give the moderators props for trying. Unfortunately Trump couldn't stay on track even you dangled a tax free 20 personal promise in front of him....oh wait he already took that for himself.....

It was certainly an extra challenging debate. Disappointing no question on Ferguson which is near the debate location, and where the President has ordered the Justice Dept. & Attorney General make change.

It took about 5 minutes for the tapes to come up and was talked about for 20 minutes but as usual every-time Hillary is on the ropes the moderators swoop in to the rescue. They refuse to talk about the leaked e-mails which further proves her corruption. They wanted to get off the topic of the intentionally deleted e-mails from the private servers she said didn't exist as fast as possible.

Completely biased, and kept trying to limit the damage to Hillary.  Very unusual for one of the candidates to have to admonish the moderator, and hope the last debate is directed much better and fairer.

when will we see a truly impartial moderator at these debates?  you hand pick someone from CNN and NBC, both with liberal bias, and expect them to give trump a fair shake?  it's like having a boxing match with 3 judges that bet on the outcome.

I felt anderson was fair, stern, and professional. Martha was extremely biased,allowed more time for Hillary (you could see the camera shots of the time clock), unprofessional, and rude.

You all are a bunch of idiots if you think these moderators were fair and unbiased. Nothing but a bunch of left wing poster childs. If you want answers on policies then you should be giving questions on policies. You guys sit there and think it's ok for moderators to bring up ridiculous questions that having nothing to do with the state of affairs of our country and then blame the candidate for defending himself.......no, it doesn't make things better and it doesn't let us know who will better serve this country. Actions speak louder than words! 30 years of being a successful business man or 30 years of being a failure at being a career politician. If that's not obvious then some of you need to check where you're getting that stuff you're smoking from and quit eating the brownies.

The whole debate was a joke. Instead of talking about what either one of them would do to benefit our country it was all who lied the most. It's embarrassing more than anything.

and completely ignored her elevation that she lies to the public while doing back room deals with big business, Sanders supporters must be puking in their cheerio's

Questions were good. But one important question not asked. On which side of the main external threat to the United States and democracy around the world? Hillary has the answer. It's Russia. Mr Trump wants to think .. "turkey also thought but hit the grill." With Mr. Trump United States risks falling into a "grill".

The moderators need better control of shutting down Trump attempts (or any other debater) to dominate through interruptions, going out of turn, etc.  Maybe a button to shut off the microphone when such instances occur.  Domination by such methods should not be tolerated. It is a waste of time for the audiences who are there to learn about candidate positions on critical issues.

Trump nailed it last night, she should be in jail not on stage! Hillary quoted Michelle Obama"when they go low "we go high, the only thing high with them is the level of corruption! #followthemoney www.clintonkaine.com
#neverhillary
#hillaryforprison2016
#trump2016

I think they did a good job hammering both candidates. But even that couldn't save the slide into the gutter Trump took them to. Get angry, voters. Get furious! Then use that rage to get as many people to the polls as possible to VOTE BLUE! VOTE HILLARY! This man must be stopped from EVER seeing the Presidency! VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!

Trump did very well on the debate! Hilary only take personal attacks on him and did not worked well! Because if personal attacks were to be focused on, what about Hilary's past and present issues? What about her 30 years in the political establishment doing nothing for the middle class? Americans are voting Trump not because of him but out of a "protest" against the same old political establishment that is not working!

One of the only bright spots of a dire night. I can't believe how low the Republicans have sunk, and that's saying something.

I thought they did a good job, considering that they tried very hard to hold candidates to the rules and asked hard questions. But it was very difficult.

Threatening to jail your political opponent. Fascist dictator much?

Two biased frauds.  Next time try and be honest with your viewers instead of schilling for Democrats.

Ted Kennedy was a famous abuser of women and even drowned one in his Buick.  I seem to recall hillarity and Billy Boy loved Teddy so did the media

Would be nice if there was fair moderating. Donald Trump looked much better handling tough questions. She gets a pass. How do we know she can handle the job? She looked mad.

My only criticism of them is that some of their questions have already been asked and answered, albeit not necessarily truthfully. It was a little like, "If I ask the question one more time, maybe I'll get a different answer." But overall they asked direct, succinct questions that could be answered directly and succinctly. And they did a much better job keeping the candidates on topic and within the time constraints.

Rapist enablers, rape victim intimidators, and crooks deserve to be treated better during presidential debates. No wonder she calls you deplorable! 

#trumpforpresident

Mostly one sided...Donald interrupted frequently and subdued...it looks like the selection of questions were in Mrs.Hillary favour...and feministic one...Sorry thumps down...

They need those flashing lights to warn them when their time is almost up. Then cut the mic. When another is talking only allow their mic on. How much more civilized it would be

TRUMP WON! They wanted to do the scandal thing from when he was not in office, was a layman. He countered w/ facts about Bill who was POTUS when he was impeached and had to pay $850k. I did not know about Hillary and the 12 year old rape Victim. They had to see the truth. He waited, and attacked. DT mentioned his policy and plan. The questions were what the public wants to know, the things that MSM will not cover. They discussed OBAMACARE and why its so expensive? SYRIA who got us there? Blacks in the inner city are 45% poverty rate, and yet clinton who has been in office has never done anything for the black or ANY community. She is 100% for partial birth/ late term abortion of fully formed living babies. She and Obama are in office and had done nothing about the very same tax codes that Trump admits to using legally. FACTS Now, maybe next debate she can discuss policy instead of telling people to go to her website!

That is what liberal media does....anyone foolish enough to believe anything being pumped out of the liberal media clinton campaign organization, is not too bright.

That was a difficult task and you tackled it well and professionally. Thank you for moderating: Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz. Wish you well.

They JOINED the debate, and all three of them had their a$ses handed to them by Trump.

the 2nd debate showed it again. Trump only has 3 tools: LYING---------------INSULTING--------and FEAR MONGERING

I liked them! Thought they both did a great job! (Must've killed Trump to be kept in line by an attractive blonde!)

Martha Raddatz did an excellent job for the most part and was much more vocal than Cooper.

Oh god trump had to deal with Hillary AND an ABC moderator??? Omg so scary I hope his "tough skin" will repair

It was 3 against 1 but Trump still won! The crowd broke out in cheers and applause for Trump all night.. Trump; "now Hillary is blaming her lies on the late, great, Abraham Lincoln" lolol

Martha gets an A+. Anderson came across as intimidated by DJT.

A very well done job! Thank you for tightening the ropes and keeping it flowing. Congrats!!🎈

I'm sure if trump becomes President, he will send them both to the gulag.

Martha Raddatz failed. She couldn't control Trump. Did not like her what so ever.

Why don't the moderators have a switch to turn off the microphones when the candidates go over their time limit?

The quote says "blunt" questions, the headline "sharp". Which is it?

I wish we could replace the candidates with these moderators.

"Steered" - Cant do that when the Trump Train is on Rails mofos

1976: first woman moderator
1992: first African-American 
2012: second woman
2016: first gay man

Sooo sloowww...

Raddatz and Cooper did a good job

He's like the pedophile that goes to work at a day care to get access to the childten....and his cult following is too indoctrinated to see the truth.

well done to the moderators!

They did a great job.  Martha Raddatz was particularly good at trying to keep the debate marching along.

CNN debated Trump as Hillary sat! Can Hillary not STAND? Trump was standing. WHAT IS WRONG with Hillary?

They did the best job so far. The press should have treated trump for the bully he was from day 1.

They were terrible and showed just how BIAS the media is these days !

Trump like a raging bull... trying to intimidate because he has nothing else to give. He is nothing else than a clown.

He hurt himself by constantly excusing himself with that locker room talk comment! Is that really what you men talk about in the locker rooms? I mean really are you men going to allow him to clump you in with his despicable behavior?

Good job by both moderators. Good job for HRC. Not so good? ..Trump.

Murphy Brown redux.
I like AC but he came across weak and whiney.

Definitely think they did better in trying to keep the candidates on topic!

Best moderators ever !! They had a mammoth task of containing a " raving lunatic " and they both did a really stellar job 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼

They could have done a better job fact checking Trump, though.

they did a real good job. proof was the orange clown getting flustered

They did a fantastic job. I love them. They should run foe something together

They should moderate all the debates! Great job. It was amazing they they kept it under control.

They did an excellent job! They were great journalists! Bravo to both!

Kudos to Martha and Andersen!!  Martha repeating her question to Trump to force him to answer!!!  We were dancing!

He didn't answer the questions asked. He won nothing but his uninformed base acting like a bully. He sniffed like he's on drugs and skulked behind her

But they still couldn't get any substance out of Trump. There's nothing there.

Their loathing for Trump was so obvious. Good for them.

Millions of people could have avoided wasting time watching the debate if only WikiLeaks had leaked the script in advance.

Trump didn't answer the questions. If he was my student he would've failed. As a presidential candidate he seems to have passed.

One sided questions,biased, rude. Yeah they did a good job. Wonder if the will get their participating trophy

They were great . Stood their ground to keep the debate going .

Thank you Martha and Anderson for doing a great job. It surely was not an easy one.

Why didnt they tell him to stay at his podium walking behind her was to get attention on him he's a pea brain.

Martha killed it. Anderson was probably too bothered midway though.

They need to put them in sound boxes and when their two minutes are up cut off the mic.

They need to mute the Mike at the very end of the time for each.

And they still couldn't get Trump to answer any questions with any substantive responses. Ugh

They wanted to be the stars in the debate, forget the contestants

So... You all are in agreement that the moderators were biased? Just like Hitlery, you all only like a rigged game.

. Bring back Tim Russert!❤️ Why can't they be like him? Not even close to the integrity and honor he had.❤️

They were hired for a rigged debate PERIOD. And Trump prevailed leaving you butt hurt LOl

They did a great job but no one can control Trump.

Obviously dominating? How did your fingers even manage to type that?

No tweet about Martha yet? 

He is an insult even to people with mental disorders.

State Islamic terror persecuted the Jews and your blood will be rivers ...

They were both professional and did a good job keeping things on point.

They asked good questions unfortunately Trump could never fully answer them and quickly changed the subject.

This is the funniest thing I've ever read. They handled Hillary with kid gloves.

Anderson and Raddatz did a very professional job in a tough situation.

Too bad the candidates weren't as sharp, or professional, as them.

Mikes should go dead in 30 seconds if candidates do not wrap up their thoughts.

I'd like to see Lawrence O'Donnell and Keith Olbermann moderate a debate.

they stood up to his bully tactics,..and his blame game Kudos to them

Raddatz was extremely rude in the way she spoke to Mr. Trump.

Hardly.  While they were better than other moderators at attempting to get the candidates to stay on topic they pretty much were very hands off.

Next debate they should have a cage for the 'silverback gorilla" as Farage called it..😂😂

They did not ask one question asking for details into Hillary emails..

The debate was rigged from the very beginning for Hillary you want to trash Donald Trump why don't you look up Hillary Clinton scandals

Once again Trump had to debate with Hillary and moderators.

Trump scored the best line of the night ... the 1 line everyone is discussing ... you would be in prison ... thats whats going on

Tell me about it!
No global warming. 
No Monsanto poisoning us?
No train crashes failing infrastructure. 
No gmo's. 
No pharmaceutical high costs.
On and on

I think that Martha and Anderson did a good job... combination of Male and Female voices worked to keep on-track as well as possible.

It was 3 against 1, but Trump still won the debate!!

They stopped digging when Hillary was answering. They need to hold both of these deplorable candidates acocuntable.

And Martha proved that she knows more about the military than Trump. two Women that know more about politics and government then the Almighty orange ape

better moderation than the first, still pro hillary though. it should be one moderator on the dem side, one on the rep side for fairness.

I still wish Obama, Nancy Pelosi or Harry Reid would explain why deductibles for a lot of people is $5000.

A lot of welfare recipients in hear backing Clinton LOL

They both are the best moderators. Did a great job stood up to a bully

They did the best job so far trying to get this piece of human garbage Trump under control.

Right they are liberal garbage like Hillary and Donald punked them too

I thought Martha did the better job at not bowing down to Trump's bullying and extended speeches...!

OH YEA CIA OPERATIVES DID A GREAT JOB....TERRIFIC

And didn't ask one question about how to fix the VA.  You are an embarrassment New York Times.

Massive improvement by Anderson Copper from his last pathetic softball questioning of Trump. Good stuff mate!

They of course gave Hillary more time to speak, the more time she spoke the less sense she made!

Martha Raddatz had more b*lls than Matt Lauer and Lester Holt combined! She's the only one who stood up to Trump. And Carly Simon says it all about Donald "You're So Vain" Trump. Feel Free to share across all social media platforms: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKaiedK9SFc

Partialized debate, sharp questions for Trump and for Hillary just lolly pops.

Raddatz debated with Trump too!

On reasons why publicizing the Mosul attack would be good

Even though I hate CNN, these two were better than the last.

Two very good moderators. They asked tough questions of both candidates.

yes they were highly pro Clinton and anti trump:)))) no professional journalism necessary:)))

Anderson Cooper and Martha Raddatz were awesome.

Great job!

The Best Moderators👍🏻

Finally, some actual moderators!

Best moderators so far this election cycle.

BS they tried to take down Trump. He beat them all

They did great. The first debate was a circus.

Lmao the trump supporters have the best comments

Anderson Cooper is so hot!

CNN Hillary won the debate 57-35 ! And that vile stunt conman trump pulled before the debate didn't get her off of her game she was good !  And as conman trump said" she's a tough fighter that never quits".

Raddatz is my hero!

Well done Martha Raddatz and Anderson Cooper!

They did a great job!

are you joking.  they were terrible.  completely unprofessional, in fact at one point she was shouting at trump, asking different questions: that isn't what a moderator does.  they also let hillary talk over the limit more.  that is bias.

Martha Raddatz anytime!

He went full Breitbart last night, he's pathetic.

They did a great job !

If only Trump had answered the questions, they would not have had to interrupt him so much.  They sometimes had to repeat the question 4 times to get an answer out of him--and even then he didn't always give a direct answer.

No chance for Hillary

He still has a breathing problem through his nose

Anderson Cooper sucks.

Anderson Cooper, what an obnoxious pillock he is

They were GREAT

No easy task but an impressive job of moderating!

pathetic, stupid questions.

Moderators did great job!

Great job!

Great hob

They did a great job!

I thought they did a great job.  They attempted to get clarifications from both candidates when they tried to skate around a question.  They did play into Trumps tiny hands by being stricter with her about time overruns because he complained and they wanted to be impartial.

It bothers me that conservatives "grumbled" about having Anderson Cooper moderate.  They question his politics because he is gay.  It's the same kind of generalization that all African Americans live in the inner city.

Maybe if Trump had provided a single answer to any of the questions last night the moderators wouldn't have had to repeat the questions so much...  If you can't understand that the basic objective of being asked a specific question is to provide a specific answer than you really have nothing to complain about... But when you don't know the answers I guess the best offense is to ramble on about everything else under the sun...

Martha Raddatz attempting to educate Trump on the numerous reasons that one might announce that a military invasion is coming rather than launch an invasion "secretly" (for example, psychological warfare, forcing the bad guys out of their hidey-holes, and giving civilians a chance to flee/take shelter) as Trump lumbered about trumpeting that he can't think of a single reason (hint: she's giving you the reasons, dummy), should demonstrate to any thinking person that he is utterly unprepared to be Commander-in-Chief.  His willful ignorance is truly astonishing.

When you're dealing with someone as reckless as Donald, it's got to be frustrating.  These two did an excellent job , but he still refused to provide anything of substance and clearly doesn't understand the world around him

They did a good job. I was impressed.

All this talk about in the gutter and ugly night by liberal tabloids and some mainstream also liberal sounds to me like ...

Well done Mr. Trump... Well Done...stick a fork in her, Clinton is well done....  who won

Trump did.

The fly took second place.

They did a great job.

Why did they NOT make Drumph sit DOWN.

The moderators were great and strong

They did a great job.

I think they did a fantastic job.

I knew they weren't gonna f*ck around

They did good ....

Well done!

I thought these moderators did well.

Good job

Job well done by the moderators.

It is not the moderators job to debate the candidates.

Both did an excellent job!!!

Moderators did a great job this time.

I felt that they were very effective as moderators

They did a good job controlling the six year old.

I thought they did well.

They are the best!!!

they were Great!!

They were awesome!

Debate 

Trump:  "It's all talk.  Why didn't you (Hillary) do anything about taxes?  Why didn't you do anything about healthcare?"

"It will not change.  30 years, she has not done anything."

"If you were an effective senator, you would've been able to do something."

Trump clearly won this debate.  Those moderators, in particular Martha Raddatz, were debating Trump along with Clinton.  Move along folks, no bias to see here.  Pfft

Martha was good, Anderson weak.

Both were terrible moderators!!

Best moderators to date, hands down.

Lester Holt...take notes

They did a great job....

They did a fabulous job!

Best Moderators ever!

They did a horrible job

They were good!😊

Shut the mikes off when time is up.

Much better job than previous moderators!

They did a good job.

They were great moderators!

They were both very good.

#letgarydebate

I thought they did a good job.

Yo' Anderson. Good job!

They did the best job as moderators to date

Excellent job by the moderators.

They did not ask the "open debate" questions solicited from the internet.  They asked the questions they thought would make the best infotainment and generate the most exciting mudslinging.  There was no question about climate change, which I find surrealistic.

Best moderators yet.

I thought they did a great job

Well done!!

made it a 3 on 1 debate, President Trump still came out on top.

Excellent job!

They did awesome!

They were awesome

Loved those two, Cooper and Raddatz!

They did a great job!

Maybe try fact checking the candidates?

I ❤️Anderson!!!!

Loved Cooper and Martha for that.

GOOD JOB MODERATING!

Still didn't keep him on point.

Fantastic job!!!

And got nothin'.

They did a phenomenal job!

And did an admirable job

Nothing about Trump is cool

How much did Hillary paid them?

A dynamic duo! Whodathunkit!?

The moderators did an awesome job

Trump 2016

No they sucked they were in Killarys side

Best moderators thus far!

Great fit for a highly charged debate.

Good job

Very good moderators - about time.

Sometimes it takes both parents to keep the kids in line.

I love these two

Weren't impressed

One sided puppets

My two favorite journalists

They did a great job!!

Best moderators so far!

That guy at the end was brilliant.

http://www.npr.org/2016/10/09/497056227/fact-check-clinton-and-trump-debate-for-the-second-time

Great

At least they tried.

F both of thoz punks. Hilary for Prison! !

They're biased and pathetic

Job well done

They did a great job!

Moderators were in Hillary's back pocket

the best moderators so far

TRUMP IS A DISGRACE TO MAN,,,DUMP TRUMP

Hats off to both of them.

I thought they both did a good job.

Well said!

Two low down scum bags

But bought are bias, against Donald.

Me too Debbie

no! no adjenda there!!!!

You both rock a.cooper.m.raddatz!

No. Very bias moderators.

Well, they didn't get many answers out of one them.  It's painful to watch!  We need a moderator that will press for answers.  They did do a better job then the previous ones.

They were pure shite

Professional job
Well done !!!

Professional job
Well done !!!

They did a terrible job!

What a joke...cnn really

Lindsay Anne I love him I love him

Best Moderators so far!

I think DT  win this debate

Presidential Debate

Did a good job

They did good.

Sniff. Sniff. Sniff.

3vs1



They were great!  Really proud of them!

They were horrible.  I'm for Hillary and it was obvious they are too.  That shouldn't be obvious.

And Martha used to be part of Acorn.   Does anyone remember Acorn's democrat scandals?

They still let trump get away with not  fully addressing assaulting women

For the most part they had no control and let him ramble endlessly.  But he bullied them too, no one is safe.

Weak, terrible/biased "moderation." Clearly in Clintons  pocket.

These two should moderate all debates.  They were firm and fair.

I LOVED THESE TWO MODERATORS!  NO BS!!

Martha and Anderson - yes at the center of a high-stakes debate.  They both however showed a no-nonsense approach to the "debate" and are quality journalists.

Once again.   The moderators got into the debate.    Three against one

I only wish they had reminded him about respecting personal boundaries.  He was like a creepy stalker.

So trump continued to dodge answering the questions and no real questions were directed at Clinton.  Ssdd

Biased / Offensive / Lack of  Good Judgement

Hillary's mindless  soldiers...lol

Well done!  It was a difficult situation.

https://m.facebook.com/?hrc=1&refsrc=http%3A%2F%2Fh.facebook.com%2Fhr%2Fr&_rdr#!/199049746935671/photos/a.199051206935525.1073741828.199049746935671/679867442187230/?type=3&source=48

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154587953326171&id=686031170&ref=bookmarks

https://www.facebook.com/theguardian/videos/573267666194334/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LYRUOd_QoM

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6I1-r1YgK9I

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155080066731729&substory_index=0&id=22067606728

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKt2zaOrxD8

Please download the application

gain money ..
Only for iPhone ..
رابط التحميل 
https://rcksr.com/pl/450129235/1788
Geo:
  Australia	,   Canada	,   United Kingdom	,   United States
Platform:
 Apple iOS

Coming from newspaper that made murderous #FidelCastro's career: http://bit.ly/2dmCVTP  Nobody believes you. #MAGA