Trump is a man with a vision for America, not a specific vision, a great vision...the best vision...Trump has a plan to make this country great again....What plan??....a great plan...a plan that will work because it's the best plan.....Why???... because Trump knows good people...which people???....the best people....people that are not stupid like other people....people who know how to get deals done...what deals???...great deals...the biggest deals... because I know words... What words???...I have the best words... I get my information from watching TV... I consult with myself because I have a great brain... A great brain???...the best brain...Trump will also build a big wall to keep Mexicans out and he will make Mexico pay for it!...How....??? its all part of the great plan!...ISIS will be gone very, very quickly...How???... I won't tell you.. It's a secret !!!... (This guy is a “one-man circle jerk” and he is only about entertaining the uneducated who love him and his great plan. He's all air - no substance. And he is their “Champion”.)

I wish someone would ask him how a bill becomes a law.

Trump is a good for nothing punk who's had more than his 15 minutes of fame and must now go on to the next attention getting project . His mentally deranged , working class goons should start looking for a new leader to give meaning to their worthless lives.

What is happening? He's worse than the first time. And he now has to be officially considered to be snorting something. I bet if she said "you missed some" he would look.

This will go down in history as the most bizarre debate to date. Trump has no knowledge of any issue. He just blames Hillary and Obama and thinks he going to garner more votes that way? I don't think he knows how elections work. He needs to go back to 6th grade. This is a no  contest: the most unqualified against the most qualified.

He just blamed her for the Syrian line in the sand but she wasn't even Secretary of State anymore. He is now disagreeing with his own running mate!

Am sure the comments will soon get nasty. So I just want to say something positive. I hope whomever reads this that you have a great week!

But those donors aren't running for president!! TRUMP is!

Would love to hear a straight answer from him without dragging someone else down to make himself look better.

Vote wisely, dear Americans. Whether we like it or not, the person you elect into the Oval Office next month will have a big say in global affairs for the next 4 years. The world needs a sane, smart and savvy politician in that seat. Obama is still President and I miss him already...

Trump doesn't answer any of the questions. That's because he doesn't know anything! He's such an idiot! I guess his mic is broken again. Can't stand the sniffing!!

Can't stand him, but I don't blame anyone from taking advantage of legal tax code. That's why we need to vote in people who will change it, and he won't.

Am I crazy. I think I'm going crazy. It just struck me. 48hrs ago a tape of Donald Trump saying the single most vile thing any presidential candidate has ever said publicly, something that would have normally been an automatic disqualifier and at this very moment we are asking ourselves who won the debate!

Trump just further demonstrated what a poor businessman he is. He put $100 million of his own money into his campaign. LOL!

It seems that whatever other people do, Trump follows suit. Other rich people weasel out of federal income taxes? Trump does the same. Other rich slum lords racially discriminate against tenants? Trump does too. This is what a follower does, not a leader. #imwithher

"With prior Republican nominees for president, I disagreed with them on politics, policies, principles, but I never questioned their fitness to serve. Donald J. Trump is different." – Hillary Clinton

It's funny how Trump kept avoiding direct answers. Its not very smart to attack Hillarys's donors, as his donors are pretty much the same. They ask about himself, and he did avoid paying tax. Can you really trust a man like this, who said would build a great American? (without paying tax)

I'm one of Hillary Clinton's donors and I didn't lose a billion dollars and then use it as a tax break. So, no, Donald. You're wrong.

He literally has no grasp of how laws or made, or if he does, he's making sure that his supporters think it's as simple as waving a wand. This is such a farce and tragedy for our country that this POS has gone as far as he has.

I wish Anderson Cooper had the kahunas that Martha Raddatz has to keep things moving.

My exhaustion from hating this man for so long makes me hope that somehow, perhaps, this f-ing sh*tshow can unite us by making T an 'agent of change.'  Essentially, let's do everything the opposite of him, and let him be the voice of America's dark underbelly.  The underbelly had a voice which won't necessarily go away anytime soon, but perhaps we can address it elsewhere.

The key phrase here is "because I was a Democratic senator with a Republican president". I try to remind myself that these elections are nothing but posturing and winning your vote. Once elected, either party's pending legislation will have to be approved by congress. Neither of the candidates will ever deliver much of what theyre promising to do.

Any CEO, CFO, or Entrepreneur who tells you he doesn't us e the tax code loop holes such as this is lying...its a common business practice from small companies to the largest corporations!

Wait, I didn't take a $916M tax writeoff...guess I missed the memo. Maybe I should ask the Hillary campaign for my $25 back.

Jim Palovich Here is the transcript: Gowdy: Good morning, Director Comey. Secretary Clinton said she never sent or received any classified information over her private e-mail, was that true?
Comey: Our investigation found that there was classified information sent.
Gowdy: Secretary Clinton said "I did not e-mail any classified information to anyone on my e-mail there was no classified material." That is true?
Comey: There was classified information emailed.
Gowdy: Secretary Clinton used one device, was that true?
Comey: She used multiple devices during the four years of her term as Secretary of State.
Gowdy: Secretary Clinton said all work related emails were returned to the State Department. Was that true?
Comey: No. We found work related email, thousands, that were not returned.
Gowdy: Secretary Clinton said her lawyers read every one of the emails and were overly inclusive. Did her lawyers read the email content individually?
Comey: No.
Gowdy: Well, in the interest of time and because I have a plane to catch tomorrow afternoon, I'm not going to go through any more of the false statements but I am going to ask you to put on your old hat. Faults exculpatory statements are used for what?
Comey: Well, either for a substantive prosecution or evidence of intent in a criminal prosecution.
Gowdy: Exactly. Intent and consciousness of guilt, right?
Comey: That is right?

Anderson Cooper could give two hoots about women's rights. He's a   liberal and so was the other reporter, Trump said things about women that I've heard all men say in my lifetime. It's just not recorded to be played ten years later. Change in government is good.

Donald Trump is a fu**ing idiot and even though it will be a huge travesty I honestly think it will be a very close race for the White House however stupid he obviously is he has a heck of a lot of supporters who just don't want Hillary Clinton.

did i miss the part where hillary's donors are running for president?  isn't HE the one who complains about "entitled people"?  is there anyone in America who acts more entitled than he does?

Anyone who says they wont take an opportunity to pay less taxes, is a liar. 
Study business, even a little business, and this will all make sense to you.

And we're supposed to believe he would change the tax code so he and his friends will pay more?

This debate.... and the sniffling... ug!!  Go  HILLARY!!!!!

I am sorry but trump was right on this one, Hillary and all big business people dem or rep use tax laws to their advantage so let's drop the subject

Actually CHUMP,  I  did not realize that all of Hillary's donors were running for president too. I know you are and she is , but those donors that you so moronically refer too, please ClownBoy get a clue, you toxic clueless dolt!

"If you were an effective senator you could have done it" umm, does he not know that it takes more than one senator or person in power to get that done? I dislike his childish finger pointing. Lacks characteristics of a future leader

So Trump will ORDER his AG to take certain actions-When Nixon tried that his AG courageously resigned. Trump is dangerous/unfit. Hillary Clinton won the debate and she is fit to be our President.

Will you please be my President Anderson Cooper?! I would vote for you without thought. You are the epitome of all that is Us. #voteandersoncooper2020

turns everything around and attacks. no plan. no details. looks like he is on drugs. didn't answer question asked. stalked around on state. it was eerie.

So refreshing to hear someone who can give an HONEST response! Yay Trump! And CNN......please note....I am white, female, and college educated with a Master's degree!!!!

But Hillary Clinton's donors are not running for the president of America

Yeah, hillary is soo much more corrupt. And the media does these "Fact Checking" which is just saying trump is bad, and hillary has never done anything wrong. bought out fools.

Why didn't you do it, why didn't you do it, why didn't you pay your taxes like everyone else does Trump?!
Always looking for ways to justify his crap!

Wouldn't her best response to his "If you were an effective senator" line have been "Well Donald, if you were an effective businessman, you wouldn't have lost 916 million dollars..."?

You liberals are being tricked...do you even know why billionaires don't want Trump in. They say it's because of the way he talks, but it's really because they can buy Clinton in order to screw everyone else. Trump on the other hand can't be bought. 

Cue liberal comments avoiding the question and answering something else they asked themselves 😂

Who would have guessed and see the humour of a radio anchor asking people to phone in and comment on his trump excuse of trailer talk, the first three were a bouncer of ten years of night clubs,bars, and restaurants. The second a hens party performer and the third a hotel client drinking at a bar. Shock horror, they all said women in groups are ten times worse than men in their foul sexual comments of men. Goodness gracious me.

i don't pretend not to have said stupid ridiculous things many many times, i never robbed 13 billion dollars from most desperate people of an entire nation like Haiti, over 300 dead this week left living in squalor in tents 7 years later...never been responsible for the deaths and murders of millions of people well over 500,000 children alone .... have not planned on further enslaving the American people, decision is an easy one for me....TRUMP!

Anderson asked in past tense. He answers in present tense. Hmmmm....and as for all her donors. Exaggeration. Deflecting didn't really work, did it?

Corporate lackey Anderson Cooper! What on God's shining Earth is this Wall St puppet doing in a so-called 'unbiased' debate, when he is owned by the same people that own Hillary!?!?!?
....Please!!!!

He promised to prosecute her. That is awesomely huge. Finally. Someone wants to give us some justice against this evil and corrupt cartel. I'm Voting For Jill Stein on November 8, 2016 A women we can trust. She has not been treasonous.

No way Trump can have more than 30% of votes.... even McCain doesent support him anymore...

and what about you and your mother Anderson? did you and mom take those exemptions ? so tired of these political hacks and these people that do the same thing and try to look holier than thou, I don't like what Don said but it's a known fact that people talk like this! ,especially women, just look on twitter ,facebook and in the locker rooms of both men and women,it's a freedom of  speech and if you condone it for one you have to condone it for all. It was done in private and the haters just want to hate

I'm sure with all of Anderson's family wealth that they took advantage of many tax cuts and write offs. Vanderbilts, poor poor Anderson.

So the whole debate was a version in "I know you are, but what am I"...How very dignified and Presidential.

Did anyone else see the fly land on Hillary Clinton? Not once, but twice. I went to the cabinet twice to get the fly swatter. My wife was calling me crazy. I freaking couldn't believe it. At 930 it was on her chest for over 15 seconds. I literally thought I was losing my mind. It was the biggest fly I think I have ever seen in my life. I just couldn't believe it landed on her nose.

He's seen the tax returns of her donors? How generous of them to have Donald over for afternoon tea to review documentation.

So how do you increase education....INNER CITIES... when you have Billionaires dodging taxes?

Anderson, Trump talks about bringing jobs back, but he sent his jobs out of the country

Narcissist admits it, but makes the issue about someone else...

Trump sealed the deal for our family tonight. We vote tomorrow and it will not be for trump. What a loser. Unfit for President is appropriate.

"I know you are but what am I?" I'm waiting for trumpie to say it

How dare he threaten HRC with jail...absolutely disgraceful. Please make him go away.

If I had a dollar for every sniff I would be a billionaire.

But that's the problem... And he failed to see that he failed to be a good citizen of this country.

I can't help but mentally measure the size of those hands. Beyond me how he could grab anything with hands that tiny.

Financial loss does not equate charitable donation you ignorant deadbeat.

'He grabbed me:' Woman alleges Trump groped her exactly as described on tape

Jill Harth, a pageant owner trying to work with Trump in the mid-1990s, filed suit against him in federal court in Manhattan in 1997, describing a “relentless” campaign of sexual harassment and assault including an incident in which he reached under a table, put his hands on her thighs and grabbed her “intimate private parts” during a meeting at a New York restaurant.

http://www.newsweek.com/donald-trump-words-echo-womans-allegations-507763

The only reason he's even doing this debate is to give his supporters sound bytes to play over social media.

Trump, the question was in the past tense. Your answer should have been in the past tense. For someone who brags about knowing more than anyone else about pretty much everything, you know nothing about grammar! 🙄

Weird. I'm a donor and somehow don't get away with not paying taxes...

HE NEVER ANSWER THE QUESTION!!! 😂😂😂😂😂on any question he will point to Hillary and accuse her here and there this and that lmao 😂😂😂😂😂 "cry orange baby" 
He will always look for someone to blamed on his own dirt!! ☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️

Anderson Cooper i know you where just doing your job, but you came out jumps on Trump and thats not fair, How about Hilliary with the 300+ email that where deleted What is she hiding??????////

Correct me if I'm wrong, but don't your donors do the same, Crazy Cheeto?

Trump is either a cokehead or seriously ill. Sniff, sniff.

However [political parties] may now and then answer popular ends, they are likely in the course of time and things, to become potent engines, by which cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be enabled to subvert the power of the people and to usurp for themselves the reins of government, destroying afterwards the very engines which have lifted them to unjust dominion.

GEORGE WASHINGTON, Farewell Address, Sep. 17, 1796

Read more at http://www.notable-quotes.com/w/washington_george.html#PIJWgCq0jU8Qg60t.99

Everything out of his mouth tonight..was Hillary or Bill Clinton...no substance..

Dumb it down a little bit and this is like talking to my 6 year old. Or actually don't dumb it down.

If Anderson Cooper run for president he will get more votes than both Hillary and Trump

is this the debate between CNN and Trump?... The Hill is just wandering around... LOL... pitiful

"Of course I do"... meaning he STILL benefits from his 1995 reported loss.

Thief....... lock him up for Fraud !!! He just admitted it !!

Trump answers the same way everything the media attacks him. He is just following the laws Hillary set up for her Billionaire donors. The media is making fools of yourselves trying to attack Tump over it. He has nothing to hide. He;s not a liar- like Hillary- It's why you hate him...

I do everything bad cause everyone else does. They did it first.

Even though I'm not voting for any of these clowns, I still love the sick burns from each of them.

As have the Clintons. All business people do. New York Times did.

He is so awful I can't find the words to say...or at least Facebook won't let me

He better hope that Hillary doesn't go on a TAX EVASION crusade when she becomes President...It sunk Al Capone a while ago

None of Hillary's wealthy supporters are stupid enough to lose $916 million.

Her donors? He talk as if he didn't use to be one of them...

His only defense is to throw shade on someone else. How pathetic is this guy?

And I would too. If you don't like it call your elected officials and demand they close that loop hole. Nothing - NOTHING - illegal about taking a tax exemption allowed by the IRS.

How does one loose that much money, where did it go to?

He answers like a 6 year old every time he opens his mouth.

The guy uses HIMSELF as the example of what's wrong with his opponent. omg lol smdh.

Todos los americanos son unos idiotas!! A eso se resume todo pobres estupidos no ven más allá de su nariz jajajaja

#trump sincerely does not understand how the legislature even works. 👿

Trump: I disagree with Republican, but then I run under, the Republican bander...

That actually a good one lol her donors are literally trumps compatriots

Trump aside ... Please comment if you pay more in taxes than required to?

Let's hear some solid , working , good for people policies. Show us we voting for a determined ,adamant leader !

Hey NYT......when will you guys give us some unbiased analysis of Clinton and all of her flaws?

the election will be rigged for evil hillary to win you will see

No substance as Always Trump all your answers are Hilary or Bill we tired please provide us with some answers on how you will make America Great Again. Please!

Listening to that man is painful, and having to take him seriously a total waste of time and energy!

Always deflecting from the questions - just answer them!

If he were to be elected he would proclaim himself as king trump.....

Why couldn't they have picked a smart Republican woman? Lord knows this country has got them. Imagine how cool this election would have been

If you watch this with the sound off, it looks a little bit like a rap battle.

He has no clue how a bill becomes a law. He is not equipped for any of this.

I hope Trump remembers that he can't save his own house by trying to set other people's houses on fire
Get Trump Nope T-Shirt : https://goo.gl/XrTTDL

Trump Ganó la contienda. Le dio vuelta a su desventaja e hizo tragar en seco a la Señora Clinton

Also an intelligent and competent human being, too intelligent to run for president

A void in meaning: The reason he repeats himself so much?

Why does everyone think he should be paying more taxes than he even owes? He's not breaking the law is he?

But none of Hilary's donors are running for president so....

This little twerp is so annoying. Trump killed it last night. Pure gold.

I would like to know which of the two candidates support the Castro brothers in Cuba!!!

Robert Parmac Trump can't be buyed? What kind of garmmar is that? Speak English!

As if she thinks her rich friends don't use the same loop holes!

And Trump was absolutely right...... and the NY TIMES knows since they also used the same deduction to not pay taxes! And they are definitely friends of Hillary!

Anderson Cooper are you even there?

TRUMP IS A CRAY CRAY MOTHER CLUCKER!!!

He is disgusting

he is very smug and arrogant....Let us call the kettle black when it is black

state department lost 6 thousand million dollars and the fbi does nothing.

Did anyone else notice that no American flag in the room, and only Candidate Trump was wearing one...Hillary talks about the Khan family? May I remind everyone that that family was paid $375,000.00 by the DNC and the Clinton foundation to speak at the convention. Hillary wants to represent our vets when she allowed them to die in Benghazi, our VA hospitals absolutely stink, and our vets get treated horribly, well I am one of those veterans, and I will be voting for Trump...period. Hillary represents a corruption filled biased leftist government, If people knew the truth, they wouldn't ever consider Hillary, she is a government elitist, she gets rich from war. She said herself that there are two Hillarys, which one is running?

Spencer Thomas Jackson we need to talk about this stuff. Beer soon?

Where are the questions that actually matter to the American people?

I guess the drugs that trump says are flooding across the border are all going right up his nose

Bully, why would they allow themselves to be bullied🙄?

And people still think he's a genius. Sad.

The tax laws are written and are to be used. He s not cheating on his taxes. If ANYONE who pays taxes finds a way to pay less taxes... You use it and pay less taxes.

Hillary is so fake it's pathetic I thought Donald was very classy by complementing her for always pushing forward and never giving up and she didn't complement Donald she complements his kids so classless. And then she says to fact check everything on hillary.Com yeah right I'd believe hillary.Com like I'd believe a politician/Lawyer.

you are complain about tax but you spend money to hire mercenary terrosism who kill you at orlando and shield in east europe with enemy who do not exist, are you mentally health ???

Jesus

Marcus Missirlian he actually looks like a child in this debate lol

Hillary Clinton never not want to talk about Lowing national debt

AGAIN WHY ISN'T THIS MAN BEING INDICTED?

I see that as a confession. Why isn't he in jail now?

So, does he always get a sniffing microphone?

What's up with his NOSE!

Smug piece of unapologetic slime.

she wins sniff sniff

Deflection trump you are a sad excuse for a man...

Dude! Just answer the question!

#HILLARY!!!..

No one says anything about his nose.

Someone forgot to teach him that pointing at a person is RUDE.

Our next President of the United State Of America Donald J Trump

Kira Middleton how stoked is hillary

Why Donald Trump's face always like that...

he has a vision for him self and no one else.  does he know that she can't do it on her own, that it has to be voted on does he know how the government works?  He's blaming her for everything

The entire debate made me sick to my stomach.  They were like a couple of kids in the sand box, yelling my daddy is better than yours, no my daddy is better than your daddy.  Give me a break!!!  I'm so afraid for our country after this election and what is to come after.

The more questionable number on that tax return is on line 6:  Earned Income was $3,427,092.  That is VERY low for a "billionaire" and shows that Trump might not even be a billionaire or even as rich as Jed Clampett.

Marius haha oklm

NIGGAS <3 ,I see the latest free full movie's all here .. supported by Columbia Picture,, FREE (y) <3

(y) WHEN THE BOUGH BREAKS (2016)
http://ratukebonraya24.blogspot.co.id/2016/10/film-when-bough-breaks-2016.html

(y) SUICIDE SQUAD (2016)
http://ratukebonraya24.blogspot.co.id/2016/10/film-suicide-squad-2016.html

NO POLICY, NO CLASS, NO INTEGRITY !!!! = NO TRUMP

Disgusting creepy stupid scary man.

Cinismo puro y duro

Well... There ya go. AND it's Hillary's fault!

Wait. I donated to Clinton. So I don't have to pay taxes

"But she did it too!"

If it's legal, then I'm not mad about it. (I'm with her.)

Clinton's donors are not running for President.

Koch brothers paying Donald for "clean coal"

Psycho

His comment is as dark as his picture lol

Dump the Trash Trump

so he completely admitted to fraud?

Donald Trump totally won the debate!  His Lincoln remarks and the jail remark were classic!  Huge win!  He was fighting three against one and kicked Hillary's butt!  Martha actually argued with him!!!!  Martha was not supposed to be debating Trump, Hillary was.  TRUMP HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!



It's a mess 😂

Anderson you are no moderator!

Trump won this debate.

hillary you have a problem. called dolnald trump

TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT



He ordered the Code Red, too.

You are a fool

How many wrongs does it take to make a right,Trump?

#letgarydebate

Trump is a cokehead! Sniff!

Her donors are not running for President

WHAT?

And he did the I'm rubber and you're glue answer.

and....what's that got to do with Hillary and her taxes?

Anderson, the 1st moderator to do the job!

Slander

I'm out.  His meds are wearing off and I'm just out.

Wow. He is a caricature of himself.

What I donated and I didn't do that! Crap

Snitch hitch trump

He kept referring to Warren Buffet.  Warren is prepared to show his tax returns.  I think Warren's statement about showing their tax returns has gotten to Trump.  Trump is likely jealous of Warren's wealth and business success.

Trump for President



I"m almost as bad as her donors

Open the Debates

Why would anyone vote with this punk?

Who pays more taxes than the minimum the law requires.???Anyone?????

He is such a loser

Whatsup a dumb answer.

#trumpisachump

Omg, am I the only one paying taxes?

Politic and business doesn't work together!

Oh gosh 😔 shame on him. So embarrassing

Cooper has nothing about his being a QUEER.

What??! Lol

But the other kids did it too.. lame excuse 100010

Oh snap!

Did just trump endorse Hilary ?

He's having difficulty breathing

Clinton = House of Cards

Amen!!! 👍🏼👏🏻

But his campaign said he paid taxes

I am a donor and I do not avoid paying federal income taxes

Okay, did he just confirm that he didn't pay tax?



Some of you are standing up for this idiot? Really?

Trump won't complain about the microphone this time.

What a creepy bloke.😁😁

What?

Trump speaks the truth

jonas bjer

Donald is right. Sry to sæt. Pretty simple

Michael Bloomberg for President

Abraham Lincoln...? OMFG..?

28 seconds to blame someone else for him not paying his taxes

Ok  so what he did was legal. Fine. But why string us along for all those months stating he couldn't...wasn't allowed?  Shady.

What a hypocrite.  He complains about the federal government wasting "our" money, when in reality none of it is his.  Clinton Kaine 2016!

They suck!!!

hate him...shut up..............

😂😂😂

Brian Quick  um.. WHOA. say what?! #casual

😡

snap

ONCE AND FOR ALL...PEOPLE, TRUMP DID NOT WRITE THE TAX CODE.  IF YOU THINK IT IS UNBALANCED YOU NEED TO LOOK INSIDE THE BELTWAY AT WHO, HOW, WHY THE CODE BECAME A CODE, AND WHICH RICH POLITICAL DONORS BENEFIT FROM THE CODE THAT HAS BEEN AND IS STILL IN PLACE.  WHO AMONG US WILL ACTULLAY OVERPAY TAXES BECAUSE THE TAX CODE SEEMS IMBALANCED....O M G

유현진 Stop saying "I know." You don't know.

#DrySnitching 😂😂😂

Wow this is a joke

Spoken like a kid

ridiculous :P

😫😫😫😫

Seth Barshay there you go

Brendan Sheahan Max Morrissy this is what I mean

See ....... Unprepared Hillary Clinton protect immigrants who are causing destruction, hunger, disease and unemployment and not caring American citizens, and other black people are the very discrimination because they want to carry arms and do not want to respect justice and police have to take a b asta it because the government barack obama cade he ended the terrismo in syria? So conversae giving ha rights who do not want to work not joje just days and that each country has to take care of its people is why there are deaths in France, the United States and other countries do not want a weak woman in power have to be a man as god was.United Kingdom and the British are right in not wanting to accept immigrants because they are the disease brings, terrismo, unemployment and no country is obliged to receive, because each country has to take care of yourself and have blamed .. has to send deport already urgently to the country of origin because the disease and terrorism, it is the fault of the countries that accept immigrants have to send deport and not accept is what a parent fluid states can not accept a woman in power, because they want to get the rights to US citizens, desempregar want Americans and employment for immigrants killed in Orlando and in France a disgrace to American citizens a woman disarm citizens and weapons of terrorists will not vote Hillarary never without condition .

Jack Barham BIGLY !

Any American would use any lawful means to pay the least amount of taxes they can.  Anyone who says different is a liar.

Snorty snorty snorty.......  those nasal  passages are needing a line or two.   ;)

Wait- why is Hillary worth $200M.  Wasn't she a government employee her whole career.  So that money came from (???)

Try talking about Yourself Donald.  No one wants you to speak on their behalf.

Cocaine hasn't helped the slimy, orange heap of rancid feces.

I'd not have believed a major party could nominate a degenerate  cretin of this low,  ignorant order.   And that the vicious, insane monster has the active support of  30-45% of the public is terrifying.

He makes the KKK look rational.

What a gutless worm.

I guees I'm more patriotic.   I pay my fair share.

It's not a question worth asking without the ability to do a complete review of the return and how the losses are being treated by Trump and his various holdings or even understanding the origin of the loss.  I don't even think there should be a third debate without Trump agreeing to release his returns.  I had to laugh when he said he was spending $100 million of his money on the campaign since the Donald only has money that comes from other sources to begin with.  In fact, it is more likely that the  actual source of the $100 million will turn out to be loans from off-shore banks which of course is a violation of the Federal election laws.  How we have gotten this far in the process without the FEC requiring a thorough vetting of his sources of finance given disclosures about off-shore partnerships - particular from Russia coupled with national intelligence agencies now comfirming that the hacking attack on the DNC originated in Russia is beyond me - completely beyond me.

Will someone give the man a tissue.     Arghhhhhhh!!!!

https://media.giphy.com/media/l0MYDfnEZQj1fx85y/giphy.gif

Fly lands on hillarys face ahahah even flies smell bs

http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/federal-judge-orders-hearing-in-donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-case/

Patty Wu

Nada Elshazly

Edward Asselin

Denisse Noya

Bobby Kazem this comment  sums it up

Stevenson Santos

Celina Chang

Jonas Berg Gjættermann

Pin  che. Trompudo
Pinche. Puto.    MARICON
ASALTACUNAS

Marc Givova

Amjad Oraibi

Truth: 25logicalreasonstovotefordonaldtrump.com

GOP Leaders Ditch Donald Trump in Droves Over Lewd Comments About Women | TIME

http://time.com/4523942/donald-trump-women-video-gop-rejection/?xid=homepage

🐚 Manpreet👮 RApper💃 Singh🌷 Ka🎉 Bot🐺 24🐬 Hours👧 Working👸 :)💻 

:* Add Kar Lo Sab :)  Just Now Lo Aur Do :) AdD clOse krO  The New York Times
:D Monday : 10 - October - 2016
:3 CHAMPION BOT TEAM <3 -=[QASIM RAJPUT]]=- The New York Times
-_- :)  I Am On Fire :)  11 menit :D 13 detik :v 
<3 Bot  By  Manpreet RApper Singh
<3  CHAMPI0NS (^^^) B0T T3AM B| 
<3 SIT3 <3  RAJACHAMP.TK  <3