No mention of the Outer Banks in this article. Most of the people there are without water and only essential personell and those with county tax paperwork/permanent residence are allowed there. I want to say that when they reopen the Outer Banks for all those visiting please be understanding. Those on the ocean side took a wallop. No one knows when power will be restored there or how long it will be before they can get into flooded businesses or homes. I feel for the inland communities also but please understand the Outer Banks not only has to deal with their current situation but also the very real realization of where inland flood waters will wind up and the ill effects it will have on the marine life.

This EXACTLY what we went through in South Florida when Katrina was upgraded to a Category 1 hours before landfall. No one was ready. No one made preparation. #PrayersForNorthCarolina

I'm sure they did hope it would spare the state after their governor spent $500,000 of the natural disaster fund fighting to keep HB2 alive.

Praying for the North Carolinians and Floridians in our own country. I hope you all stay safe and can rebuild. Im also praying for the Hatians and Bahamanians who get no Facebook filter. Even though we naturally worry about our own country first, as we should, that was also human life and should not be overlooked

I thought Lush Rimbaugh said this was all a liberal conspiracy?

I guess that God is pissed at us for all of the bad behavior in our state government

I can tell by the comments how ugly Hillary supporters are to other people.

Meteorology is a notoriously inexact and imprecise science. Nuff said.

I am from Wilson bad but getting better and I just want everyone to know we are strong and survivors and we stand with TRUMP.

Gee, where are the psychos claiming this is their god's wrath for something?

Sad to hear that. keep safe.

Praying

I am sure Hillary presidency will be more worse than H Mathew

State will remain Islamic Trabkm in your streets Tzbgm Coming ....

Sucks for your cop hating movement huh?

No mention of the Outer Banks?!??

Danielle Gagne Aube....???

Amanda Pepitone

Vraiment  triste  aussi  pour  Haïti  se vraiment  grave